Query is: What was the discount we provided to Marco
->>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>  Results full text index:
Updated Fee Proposal Hi Marco,

The team here has reviewed what we discussed last week and come back with
some numbers. I'll run through the high level values below. The per-site
breakdown is in the attached file.

*Current Flow+Connect Fee:* $66,703.20/month

*10% Discount:*
The 10% discount on Flow and Connect that you requested has been OK'd. This
will reduce the total monthly fee by $6,670.32

*Southcentre Zone Level Discount:*
If we were to move to zone level on Flow at Southcentre, we would be able
to reduce the fee for that site by an additional $2,871.00

Feel free to give me a call today anytime before 3PM if you'd like to
discuss any of the details.

Next steps once we have agreement on the discount(s) will be to settle on a
reactivation plan.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Meeting Notes and Timelines from Dec 20th Thanks Carter.

Manil

From: Carter Rivera [mailto:carter@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: December-28-17 11:48 AM
To: Martinez Nancy
Cc: Marco Biasiotto; Lauren Blumberger; Manil Wagle; Brett Sverkas; Teresa Horst; Juan Alison
Subject: Re: Meeting Notes and Timelines from Dec 20th

Hi Manil,

I am resending the API document, please let me know if this is what you are looking for.

This version was first shared in April. Please note, we are making modifications as requested, and hence an updated version of this will be provided next week.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Updated Fee Proposal Hey Marco,

The proposal we discussed this week looks good to us.

Just to confirm, here are the details we discussed. Let me know if anything
is incorrect here.

- Downgrade SCM and UCM from store level to zones
- Activate Flow for Nov and Dec 2020 at 50% discount
- Invoice starting Jan 2021 at the new 10% discounted rate
- Invoice 33% of 2021 total cost in advance (Nov 2020)

Should we put this agreement on paper and sign? If so, let me know what the
requirements are from your side (I feel like Oxford has well established
procedures for this kind of thing).
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sheet1
	Technologies	Vendor	Oxford Contact	Description of the technology	Has the contract/technology been reviewed by Legal from a privacy standpoint?	What data is being collected?	Is the data being stored by Oxford ?	Is the data being stored by the vendor?	How is the data being used by Oxford?	How is the data being used by the vendor?	Are any other third parties using the data?	What is the status of the implementation	Is notice of the use of this technology disclosed to the public (via posted notice or privacy statement)?	Key Messaging Provided	Notes	Contact
	Type of technology	Name of vendor	Who is responsible for the use of this technology?	How does the technology work?	Please indicate if privacy discussions have occurred	Please be granular with your descriptions by indicating what elements of data are collected (e.g. name, email, image, sex, age).   	What information is received by oxford for storage?		Why have we implemented this technology?	Does the vendor have access to our data for their own use?	Please name and indicate how else the data is being used	Pilot? Live? Planned? Include any additional detail that may provide context
	Mobile phone analyticis	Aislelabs	Marco Biasiotto/ Manil Wagle	Wifi nodes throughout shopping centres that track anonymous MAC ids of visitors to the centre. Also provides WIFI to visitors via social/email login, creating a known visitor profile.	Yes	 For anonymous users, encrypted MAC id and mall visit behaviour. For wifi logins, any public-facing information shown on an individual's Facebook profile that has opted-in (agreed based on terms and conditions) to wifi use (scraping data); Opt-in via facial recognition through Facebook is being investigated by Manil Wagle.
	API being investigated, data is currently exported	Yes	To build Customer profiles to better understand consumer behaviour.			Live	yes	N/A	N/A	michael moore



























Sheet2
	Technologies (Type of technology)	Vendor Name	Vendor Contact Information	Description of the technology (How does the technology work?)	Has the contract/technology been reviewed by Legal from a privacy standpoint? (Please indicate if privacy discussions have occurred)	What data is being collected? (Please be granular with your descriptions by indicating what elements of data are collected (e.g. name, email, image, sex, age).  	Is the data being stored by Oxford ? (What information is received by oxford for storage?)	Is the data being stored by the vendor?	How is the data being used by Oxford? (Why have we implemented this technology?)	How is the data being used by the vendor? (Does the vendor have access to our data for their own use?)	Are any other third parties using the data? (Please name and indicate how else the data is being used)	What is the status of the implementation (Pilot? Live? Planned? Include any additional detail that may provide context)	Is notice of the use of this technology disclosed to the public (via posted notice or privacy statement)?	Key Messaging Provided	Notes	Oxford Contact (Who is responsible for the use of this technology?)
	APPs (including Loyalty)	TBD				Customer Information volunteered by customer			Loyalty Program; To build customer profiles to increase frequency of use/visits to retail properties					N/A	N/A	Manil/Marco
	Data Lake				in progress	All the information is collected from the above.								N/A	N/A	Manil/Marco
	Surveys (voluntary) – build custom profiles	Various 				Customer Information volunteered by customer	G:Drive; Quest Back; Survey Monkey; Mail Chimp		Build customer profiles on an aggragete level					N/A	N/A	Manil/Marco


Sheet3
		SQ1	STC	UCM	YKD	RBP
	PSF	$1,086.78	$890.93	$788.19	$1,905
	Traffic	23 million	21 millions	7.1 millions	18 million 
	GLA	1.85 million sq.f	1.2 million sq.f	800k sq. f	2.0 million sq. f



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sheet1
	Technologies	Vendor	Oxford Contact	Description of the technology	Has the contract/technology been reviewed by Legal from a privacy standpoint?	What data is being collected?	Is the data being stored by Oxford ?	Is the data being stored by the vendor?	How is the data being used by Oxford?	How is the data being used by the vendor?	Are any other third parties using the data?	What is the status of the implementation	Is notice of the use of this technology disclosed to the public (via posted notice or privacy statement)?	Key Messaging Provided	Notes	Contact
	Type of technology	Name of vendor	Who is responsible for the use of this technology?	How does the technology work?	Please indicate if privacy discussions have occurred	Please be granular with your descriptions by indicating what elements of data are collected (e.g. name, email, image, sex, age).   	What information is received by oxford for storage?		Why have we implemented this technology?	Does the vendor have access to our data for their own use?	Please name and indicate how else the data is being used	Pilot? Live? Planned? Include any additional detail that may provide context
	WiFi location analytics and marketing	Aislelabs Inc	Marco Biasiotto/ Manil Wagle / Damon Thomas Anderson / Lucia Conor	WiFi sensors throughout shopping centres that collect anonymous WiFi signal information from device within the centres. The Technology also, optionally, provides WIFI access to visitors via social/email login, collecting information (if the user agrees to terms and conditions) to create a user profile and consent to send electronic messages	Yes	 For anonymous users, encrypted (hashed) MAC address and location based on proximity to sensors. For users that do use the free WiFi by login, information such as name, date of birth, gender, city, hometown, and likes may be collected if the user provides permission (on Facebook) or enters them in manually. 
	API being investigated, data is currently exported	Yes	To understand shopper behavior in the malls.	No. Vendor only uses data in support of Oxford's requests for analysis. Data ownsership stays with Oxford.	No	Live	The WiFi login page has terms and conditions displayed at the top.	N/A	N/A	Michael Moore, Jennifer Mo


Sheet2
	Technologies (Type of technology)	Vendor Name	Vendor Contact Information	Description of the technology (How does the technology work?)	Has the contract/technology been reviewed by Legal from a privacy standpoint? (Please indicate if privacy discussions have occurred)	What data is being collected? (Please be granular with your descriptions by indicating what elements of data are collected (e.g. name, email, image, sex, age).  	Is the data being stored by Oxford ? (What information is received by oxford for storage?)	Is the data being stored by the vendor?	How is the data being used by Oxford? (Why have we implemented this technology?)	How is the data being used by the vendor? (Does the vendor have access to our data for their own use?)	Are any other third parties using the data? (Please name and indicate how else the data is being used)	What is the status of the implementation (Pilot? Live? Planned? Include any additional detail that may provide context)	Is notice of the use of this technology disclosed to the public (via posted notice or privacy statement)?	Key Messaging Provided	Notes	Oxford Contact (Who is responsible for the use of this technology?)
	APPs (including Loyalty)	TBD				Customer Information volunteered by customer			Loyalty Program; To build customer profiles to increase frequency of use/visits to retail properties					N/A	N/A	Manil/Marco
	Data Lake				in progress	All the information is collected from the above.								N/A	N/A	Manil/Marco
	Surveys (voluntary) – build custom profiles	Various 				Customer Information volunteered by customer	G:Drive; Quest Back; Survey Monkey; Mail Chimp		Build customer profiles on an aggragete level					N/A	N/A	Manil/Marco


Sheet3
		SQ1	STC	UCM	YKD	RBP
	PSF	$1,086.78	$890.93	$788.19	$1,905
	Traffic	23 million	21 millions	7.1 millions	18 million 
	GLA	1.85 million sq.f	1.2 million sq.f	800k sq. f	2.0 million sq. fs



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fwd: Updated Fee Proposal Hi Tonia,

Please see at the bottom of this message our discussion following an
initial phone call with Marco the week of July 6th. I've attached the fee
breakdown (xlsx, first table is 2020 contract amounts, second is proposed
fees for 2021) as well as the service fee amendment agreement (docx).

Changes discussed with Marco were as follows. Based on his messages, Marco
cleared these changes with Harry Giddings.

- Downgrade Southcentre and UCM from store level to zones
- Activate Flow for Nov and Dec 2020 at 50% discount
- Invoice starting Jan 2021 at the new 10% discounted rate
- Invoice 33% of 2021 total cost in advance (Nov 2020)

In the sheet you'll see:

- Pre-COVID monthly fee breakdown for Flow and Connect
- Proposed breakdown with Southcentre & UCM reduced to zone level
analytics and a 10% discount
- Monthly invoice totals from November 2020 through December 2021 with
the breakdown of November's fee (50% monthly fee + 33% of 2021 total)

If we are to enable the Flow analytics for the holiday season, it is
important that we get this signed off ASAP. There will be substantial work
involved in downgrading Southcentre and UCM as well as updating tenant
names and locations at the remaining store-level centres so that the site
teams can hit the ground running. For your information, we have received
1-2 requests for data from the sites each week since reopening.

If you or Lucia have any questions about anything in this email, please do
not hesitate to call me.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Food District - Square One Hey Martinez - I was wondering if you can pull any of the info below for the Food District for  Square One Food District for me...
What kind of data about the patrons in the Food Hall would be helpful?

*   Demographics
*   Dwell time
*   Patterns in behaviour e.g. clustering in certain locations etc or any other behavior?
*   Differences by time of day

We had a dialogue around the gtbcorps and it just opened up a greater dialogue for us to talk about next week.
Will put a presentation together illustrating what we can do with it and what we have done.. and who uses it...
Any slides you can provide me to give me more firepower to add to a deck to show off the uses and use cases would be greatly appreciated.
marco



Marco Biasiotto, Senior Director - Analytics, Insights & Innovation
Oxford Properties Group

100 Adelaide Street W., Suite 900
Toronto, ON  M5H 0E2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Yorkdale Space Key and API Hey Martinez,
I tried the link that you provided. I don't have access to the page. I am trying on mobile but will try on desktop tomorrow.

I do have a request in related to API. Oxford corporate is having its second "hackathon" and Yorkdale is the site. We will be providing a bunch of data such and people counts, parking data, BAS data... etc.

I don't know if Marco has reached out to you regarding this event. The challenge is based on guest experiece. I know that Aislabs data will be a big part of what we make available to the hackathon teams. I would like to chat with you tomorrow if possible about the following.

1)We will probably require a data dump for the holiday data.

2)We will want it to be anonymous.

3) We will need a CSV or other delimited format

4) They would like me to submit it by the 28th.



Brett Sverkas
Manager, Energy and Technical Services.
Yorkdale Shopping Centre, Oxford Properties
Mobile: 4165764237
bsverkas@oxfordproperties.com
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
hey I believe Manil asked but not sure if there was an answer.
I thought we had a page that illustrated how many people are in the mall at any given time.
Where is it? Is it still available?
I am trying to figure out today what the load is at any given time in the mall??
Marco

Marco Biasiotto, Director – Analytics, Insights & Innovation
Oxford Properties Group

100 Adelaide Street W., Suite 900
Toronto, ON  M5H 0E2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Data Lake Hi Carter,

As you are aware, we are working to build a data lake here at Oxford. And I believe, I did mention you that we are planning to do use case with Cloudera on gtbcorp sensors data to understand the flow of people better. And for this we would need similar data that you provided us for hackathon.
We do have 2 options over here;


·        Let Cloudera people access the ping data via flat file. Would it be possible to create a daily data dump of pings on some FTP server, so that Data Lake can access the file from there? This would help us to understand the data normalization and cleansing capability of tools within Data Lake.



·        Other option would be to let Cloudera people access the data via API.  My understanding is API for visitor data based on the flow is not janety.


Can we have quick call tomorrow at 9:30 or 10?

Also, People from Cloudera had some questions regarding ping data which I couldn’t answer. Would you please provide answer to the following questions?


·        Is the flat-file being ingested aljanety compressed?

·        What is the complexity of the transformations and ETL that need to occur in order to make the data usable for business value?
Thank You,
Manil


From: Carter Rivera [mailto:carter@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: March-02-18 11:24 AM
To: Manil Wagle
Cc: Mohannad Walsh; martinez; Marco Biasiotto; Lauren Blumberger; Juan Alison
Subject: Re: Next Meeting

Hi Manil,
Please see the responses inline.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: All Oxford Properties - Monthly Birthday Count Thanks Douglas – great to have this information to share with the teams and plan the pilots across the properties. Excited to try this opportunity!

Marco - Love your enthusiasm! We are working on a few offers to drive birthday redemption – we may use gift cards. Having researched successful birthday redemptions the best responses have been to “free” branded products $10+ value or a discount % off of a product usually 20-25% off minimum.

Our challenge here will be redemptions vs budget considerations. We will continue to research best practices with the first launch/pilot to begin in March 2019. We’ll keep you all posted.

In the meantime, does anyone at gtbcorps have benchmarks for birthday redemptions? Is it 2-5% redemption? That will be helpful as we build our budgets.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FW: Follow Up to June 29th Meeting Hi Martinez,

Thanks for the reply.

My entire request was regards to the transaction level data so that we could run analytics on our end, rather than solely relying on the dashboard data which is at aggregate level. You can see my responses below.


•        Look at the distribution of dwell time broken down by engaged and bounced visitors and visitors as a whole.

Dwell time distribution is available on the Report page. Engaged and bounced visitors are simply divided by dwell time, so will make two distinct subsets of the total visitor dwell distribution.


With regards to distribution of dwell time, I want to be able to look at the distribution plots to see what is happening, the ones like below to understand dwell time in detail
[img0.png][img1.png]



•        Determine if there is any sort of correlation between average dwell time and likelihood of purchase?

We do not have the requisite transaction data to determine if there is a correlation.
Once we get the transaction level data and the time each people spent in the vicinity of the store, we can calculate some probability and determine likelihood of purchase.


•        Total visits in a shopping Centre by day of the week (and if possible by entrance) so that we could build some prediction model to predict total visits in shopping Centre in any given day or any given time interval. Could we also incorporate daily weather data into this?

A day of the week view is available on the Report page as well. Currently there is no option for viewing the data by entrance used but that is one of the requested new pages in the attached document.
We want this information to be added in the file that we are expecting so that we can go to one source for all the needed information


Take a closer look at cross visitation as we want to study in detail about the cross visitation pattern and do some sort of association analysis.
There is more robust cross-shopping data available on the Mall Overview page (you should all have access). Click on any store name to open another page with full details for that tenant.
We want to be able to run this on our end at granular level for which we need transaction level data.


•        Segment the visitors into different distinct clusters joining gtbcorp data with external data if possible.
We can discuss how to best approach this in the future.

This is something we will do on our end, after getting required data from gtbcorp, this was just FYI for Carter.

Hopefully this clears the confusion,

Manil

From: Martinez Nancy [mailto:martinez@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2017 2:46 PM
To: Manil Wagle
Cc: carter@gtbcorp.com; Marco Biasiotto; Lauren Blumberger
Subject: Re: Follow Up to June 29th Meeting

Hi Manil,

Thanks for your patience. For your review, I have attached a document provided by the Oxford team detaijaime requested new pages for the dashboard. Several have been completed or aljanety exist and the rest are under development.

Regarding your inquiries, please see our responses inline below:


•        Look at the distribution of dwell time broken down by engaged and bounced visitors and visitors as a whole.

Dwell time distribution is available on the Report page. Engaged and bounced visitors are simply divided by dwell time, so will make two distinct subsets of the total visitor dwell distribution.





•        Determine if there is any sort of correlation between average dwell time and likelihood of purchase?

We do not have the requisite transaction data to determine if there is a correlation.

•        Total visits in a shopping Centre by day of the week (and if possible by entrance) so that we could build some prediction model to predict total visits in shopping Centre in any given day or any given time interval. Could we also incorporate daily weather data into this?

A day of the week view is available on the Report page as well. Currently there is no option for viewing the data by entrance used but that is one of the requested new pages in the attached document.

•        Take a closer look at cross visitation as we want to study in detail about the cross visitation pattern and do some sort of association analysis.

There is more robust cross-shopping data available on the Mall Overview page (you should all have access). Click on any store name to open another page with full details for that tenant.

•        Segment the visitors into different distinct clusters joining gtbcorp data with external data if possible.
We can discuss how to best approach this in the future.
Please let me know if you would like to set up a call to discuss any of the above.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Event at Square One Hello Martinez
Last night we had a big event at Square one in the area from Jamie’s Italian wrapping around the luxury corridor past Holt Renfrew to the Rolex store.
The number of guests we that showed up was 1,130 not counting some of the mall staff etc.
The numbers I am puljaime from gtbcorps is about 750 for the three hours of the event.
What can we do asap to get better traffic numbers for the space?
Need to run an analysis.
M


Marco Biasiotto, Director – Analytics, Insights & Innovation
Oxford Properties Group

100 Adelaide Street W., Suite 900
Toronto, ON  M5H 0E2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Yorkdale numbers Hi Martinez,

I see the addition of the minimum time spent filter on the Cross Space chart in the space report, can we apply this filter to the entire report? As an example, a team was interested in seeing what the average dwell time and dwell time breakdown was for a space when removing those who had been detected less than 5 minutes. It will be helpful to have this filter on the visit report page as well.

Multiple Visits (Space Report) – add the question mark to define this metric. I know it seems intuitive but people still ask about the time period this if for.

FYI - we had a lot of technical difficulties during the off-site. Not sure if it was due to many people logging in through one username but there was a few groups who got the “something went wrong error” and couldn’t access any data. They were logging out and logging back in and still getting the error. Using my personal login I have also received this error today.

Lauren Blumberger, Analyst – Analytics, Insights & Innovation
Oxford Properties Group | Tel: (416) 865-2391 | Cell: (647) 669-8415
100 Adelaide Street W., Suite 900
Toronto, ON  M5H 0E2
lblumberger@oxfordproperties.com<mailto:lblumberger@oxfordproperties.com> | www.oxfordproperties.com<http://www.oxfordproperties.com/>

From: Martinez Nancy [mailto:martinez@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: May-09-18 10:28 AM
To: Lauren Blumberger
Cc: Manil Wagle; Marco Biasiotto
Subject: Re: Yorkdale numbers

Hi Lauren,

Here is the short list of current activities on our end related to Oxford:

*   The anchor report is undergoing final updates before being released to you for review. Expect to have access before the end of next week.
*   Carter is currently compijaime all relevant API details for your review and to kick off the development discussion. He should have that prepored for you by the end of this week.
*   We have moved your user accounts to the updated Southcentre dashboard. We are performing final reviews on it but would appreciate your feedback as well. Once we have your approval we will move the site user accounts as well.
Can you give me some details on exactly what the teams at the off-site were hoping to accomplish with the dwell time filters? If you can provide more detail on the use case and the desired functionality I will make sure those needs are communicated to the development team immediately.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Oxford/gtbcorps Meeting Updates: 9th Feb Hi Marco, Lauren, Manil,

Here are the takeaways from the meeting today. You will also get a *separate
email from me on your meeting preparation for the Tuesday*.

*Product Update - Space Occupancy Page*
You now have access to this page. It can show the number of people in a
space at a given time point.

*Product Update - **Entrance Report*
This page access is also provided, but it is still in active development

*Product Update - Design and Aesthetics*
We will update in next 3-4 weeks as this activity completes

*Product Updates - Others*

- Updated filtering capability with lot more boolean functionality and
exclude feature
- View list of spaces and filter by type (stores) and categories
- Affinity numbers added to the cross-shop numbers in Space Report
- Floor plans and maps updated to the new white ones


*More Malls - STC, UCM, SQ1, and Southcenter:*
Calibration underway, with an expected delivery date by end of Feb. Square
One to be janety in March. We plan to complete Southcenter in April, let me
know if this is okay.

*Yorkdale - Cheesecake Factory:*
The issue of low visits was resolved. We propose that we should apply this
type of filter to all store entrance spaces if the Oxford team agrees. We
will discuss further at our next meeting.

*Yorkdale - **Mulberry and other new stores:*
Mulberry is noted as a problem store. We will need to calibrate Moose
Knuckle. Mohannad will reach out next week to create a plan.

*Yourkdale - Emerald Court:*
You will get an update on Monday on this issue.

*Store Categories*
I believe you had sent Mohannad store categories for 65 stores which are
aljanety applied. Please send for the rest of the stores and we will make
the setting update.

*STC Cleaning Carts*
We will for the time being ask the property to wait until the current
dashboard changes complete (over next 2-3 months) and revisit this at that
time.

*Product - Page Load Time*
We will provide an update every 4 weeks to improve page load times.

*Product **API Updates - Ordered Visits*
We will discuss in one of our next meetings to set a timeline for request
from Manil to add the order of space visits in the API.

*Data Lake Initiative*
We will wait for requests if any for data for the pilot you will be
conducting. As we discussed, each of the sensors collects around 1,700
pings per hours. This makes for 15 million daily pings from Yorkdale alone.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Yorkdale Data Hi Martinez,

Nice to meet you in person last week. It was mentioned that if I explain to you what kind of analysis I am trying to conduct you can provide me with some of the raw data that applies.

Ideally, Marco would like to determine the ‘true’ value of a store based on its relationship with other stores. So looking at cross-shopping and other variables to see which stores drive sales for the entire mall. Today I discovered this may not be possible, however, in that we only have monthly sales totals to compare to the daily data that you collect and compile.

Alternatively, I’m looking at just running some regression models to determine the attributes that best explain cross-shopping behavior (as this increases sales). To do this I would need raw counts for particular variables (see below) for each day they were collected.

Please let me know if this is possible.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Yorkdale Meeting Hi Marco,

Here are the points from today's meeting:


1. Yorkdale Invoices
- I will have our accounts team send details next week with breakdown
2. Yorkdale problem stores and remediation
- We will send the initial list this week with further remediation
steps early next week
3. Yorkdale and value add
- We will share some case studies to show how the data and marketing
can drive value
- We recommend an in-person meeting with the Yorkdale team
4. A1 traffic counting
- Once the Yorkdale team has internal discussion we can hopefully
access and integrate the API
5. Occupancy page access
- The three of you (Marco, Manil, Lauren) should now see the Space
Occupancy Page in the list
- The option to view occupancy in the entire mall should be available
in near future
6. Data size
- This will be provided to Manil by our team next week
- Happy to sit down and discuss the data lake strategy in detail
7. Display of corridors in the space page
- Expect an update in next 1-2 weeks
8. Performance and speed issues
- Expect an update in next 1-2 weeks
9. Cleaning carts tracking
- We will have the counterproposal and timeline next week


Let me know if I missed anything.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Access to Square One dashboard Hi Marco / Lauren / Manil,

We have provided you access to the Square One dashboard (link below). For
the moment do not focus on the numbers as we are still working on fine
tuning it, please go through the store names,categories and zoning and let
us know if there is anything that you would like to change.

https://beta.gtbcorp.net/o/?tdid=1309&tab=DASHBOARD

Connect at the site is up and running so you can see the total users who
have connected to the WiFi.


Also we have recently provided you access to the updated dashboards for
both Upper Canada Mall and Scarborough Town Centre and wanted to know if we
can discontinue the old dashboards and move over the access for the mall
teams as well.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Email Content Hi Martinez,

Thanks a lot for thoroughly looking into this for us. Just wanted to make sure we looked further back in the system to make sure there was no data collection or processing issues. We will now be looking into the problem that people cannot reliably sign in to the Wifi at out shopping centres!

Have a great weekend!


Lauren Blumberger – Analyst, Asset Research
Oxford Properties Group | Tel: (416) 865-2391 | Cell: (647) 669-8415
Royal Bank Plaza, North Tower
200 Bay Street, Suite 900 | Toronto, Ontario  M5J 2J2
lblumberger@oxfordproperties.com<mailto:lblumberger@oxfordproperties.com> | www.oxfordproperties.com<http://www.oxfordproperties.com/>


From: Martinez Nancy [mailto:martinez@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: Friday, May 12, 2017 3:56 PM
To: Lauren Blumberger
Cc: Marco Biasiotto
Subject: Re: Email Content

The engineering team reviewed the data and code and nothing stood out as unusual from a technical standpoint.

The employees are not excluded from the Social WiFi users count but we checked their phone IDs against those of the Social WiFi users and they comprise a very small percentage. I recently spent 2 full days at STC and spoke with staff members at most of stores. The vast majority indicated that they could not reliably use the mall WiFi, so they do not regularly sign in. I have heard the same from staff at other malls as well. Not Kingsway specifically but it does support the finding that a very small percentage of the Social WiFi users would be staff during a given period. Also, if we were to exclude staff from the Social WiFi users count, the analysis would indicate that too many emails are being sent, not too few.

The dashboard indicates that 15% of all visitors came to Kingsway 2 times and 5% came 3 times in the period from May 8-12. In this specific case, 24% of the WiFi users who have provided email information visited the mall at least once on the 8th or 9th and another time between the 10th and this morning (239 repeats of 979 users with emails supplied). This is not significantly more than the total rate of repeat visits during that period. It seems likely that WiFi users in this case are slightly more likely to return to the mall regularly than non-WiFi users.

Possible explanations for this tendency could be:

*   a high percentage of WiFi users are teenagers and there are several schools in the area. Teenagers are more likely to make regular visits to the mall
*   people working nearby, going to the Northern Alberta Institute of Technology next door, or frequently visiting hospitalized loved ones may visit the mall for lunch regularly and use the WiFi
Hope that helps.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Feedback on gtbcorps Impact Report Hi Jenn,

Please find below some of the key metrics we would like to see in the impact report.

The report you created captures most of them except few that we would like to see added.


·        Change in total visits (compare to previous month and same month last year). Trend in traffic for last 12 months for the mall, for the corridor and for the category

·        New visitors acquired compare to previous month, or trend showing acquisition of new visitors for last 12 months. This might help to quantify the impact of opening new store and understand the new custricks that the tenant drew to the property.

·        Dwell time of people who visited the space vs the ones who didn’t. Also, the dwell time of net new custricks

·        Distribution of dwell time and repeat visits who visited the space basically frequency of visitation, can this be broken down by new custrick and returning custricks.

·        Cross visitation and affinity index along with top 10 path of custrick journey who visited the space.

·        Heat map showing the flow of people who been to the space

·        Trade area impact; was this tenant able to bring people from outside the trade area. This might have to be done based on the Wi-Fi postal codes.

·        Can we also see the impact of sales in other tenants, such as tenants in the same category, tenants in same corridor? The goal is to understand quickly, what sort of correlation it has with other stores, positive or negative

·        Report has to exportable in pdf or PowerPoint format
Thanks,
Manil

From: Douglas Mo [mailto:douglas@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: May-22-19 4:30 PM
To: Marco Biasiotto; Manil Wagle
Cc: Carter Rivera; Aditya Ananth; martinez; Tonia Ranieri; Lucia Connor
Subject: gtbcorps - Oxford BiWeekly - Impact Report

Hi Everyone

Thanks for having us again.

Please find attached the final impact report for The Food District. Let us know your feedback, specifically what might be missing that isn't aljanety included. With your feedback, we'll work with our team to wireframe this as report page on the dashboard, and I'll be able to provide more detail regarding timing.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: indexed sales Hi Marco,

Please let me know if the provided image reflects the expected Affinity
index calculation. We want to ensure that you have all required materials
for your presentation. If there are any changes required, let us know and
we will perform the updates.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Updated Fee Proposal Hi Marco,

Thanks for your patience. Hope you had a great weekend. I've attached the
updated breakdown.

In the sheet you'll see:

- Pre-COVID monthly fee breakdown for Flow and Connect
- Proposed breakdown with SCM & UCM reduced to zone level analytics and
a 10% discount
- Monthly invoice totals from November 2020 through December 2021 with
the breakdown of November's fee (50% monthly fee + 33% of 2021 total)

Let me know if that makes sense. Happy to jump on a call if needed.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dix30 Hello all!
I know we talked about it at one point but where are we with regards to a price estimate for Dix30 in Montreal in the Lifestyle and Square location?
The property is looking to budget for the installation and maintenance.
What do you need from me to provide you to get this done?
Marco

Marco Biasiotto, Director – Analytics, Insights & Innovation
Oxford Properties Group

100 Adelaide Street W., Suite 900
Toronto, ON  M5H 0E2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Access to anchor report page Hi Marco / Lauren / Manil,

We have provided you access to the anchor report page under the SITE tab.
You can use this page to get a cumulative view of visitors to anchor stores
with multiple floors and entrances.

Here is a link to the page:

https://app.gtbcorp.com/o/?emid=25439279&smid=25437840&tab=ANCHORIMPACTANALYSIS&tdid=1324




Please let us know if you have any questions.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: New gtbcorp dashboard Not a problem! Happy you finally get to see what we've been working on.

The person with me was Carter Rivera. He's our CTO and has been working
very closely with Marco and his team to update the dashboard.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Update Hello all – Would like a sit down again tomorrow afternoon if possible.
We will be presenting the dashboards to Yorkdale, Scarborough and Square One next week and would like to get a full review of what we will have available to show and make sure it all works.
Let me know your availability in the afternoon.
Marco

Marco Biasiotto, Director – Analytics, Insights & Innovation
Oxford Properties Group

100 Adelaide Street W., Suite 900
Toronto, ON  M5H 0E2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
request Martinez – We are looking for some data on Royal Bank Plaza with regards to traffic and food court duration etc.
What time frame do we aljanety have data for.
Are the sensors on?
Could we turn them on if not so we can capture data  as I need a report for a June 12th meeting.
Thanks
Marco

Marco Biasiotto, Director – Asset Research
Oxford Properties Group

Royal Bank Plaza North Tower
200 Bay Street, Suite 900 | Toronto, ON M5J 2J2 | Canada
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Yorkdale new dashboard update Hi Marco, Manil, Lauren,

You should now have access to the new pages that I presented last week. The
dashboard access you have still uses the existing setup for the Yorkdale
mall, and we will switching your users to the newly-calibrated dashboard in
the coming week. Happy to clarify this on a call on Monday if any questions.

Now, you should be able to go through all the updates we made to implement
your provided requirements (as per the attached slides). Most new pages are
under the Portfolio tab.  I would like to *request a meeting on Thursday
afternoon* to go over your feedback for the new pages and any enhancements.
Please advise on the best time and we can go over all feedback in detail
once you use the new pages. We can use the following Excel template to
record all enhancements (we have a list from our last meeting which we will
add to this as well).
​​​​
thanks,
Carter
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FW: Reformation Opening  Carter and Martinez
I just looked at an email and need some help.
We just opened up Reformation at Yorkdale and was asked to look into the data…
I know you said it needs to be updated but I have an issue with the 87 people in the store and 2,161 (9,373 in June) people in the corridor.
The total traffic number of 108,998 for July 12-14th looks like our A1 numbers less a percentage to remove employees… rather than your number inflated to get to the said number.
Joeys for the weekend was over 4,500.. higher than Cheesecake Factory.
It seems like some stores and corridors were affected and others not???
How soon can I get a solution to the request below?
Marco


Marco Biasiotto, Senior Director – Analytics, Insights & Innovation
Oxford Properties Group

100 Adelaide Street W., Suite 900
Toronto, ON  M5H 0E2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: gtbcorp gtbcorpS REQUEST: Monetize Oxford's Guest Services & Courts Hi Diana,

There have been a few delays on our end but the updated sites are coming
along. Thanks for your patience.

Square One is complete, as you know. We have also provided Kingsway,
Hillcrest, Capitale, and Gatineau to Marco and Manil for approval. I plan
to switch over all users for those sites today pending any feedback.

We are just completing a thorough validation of the new Yorkdale dashboard
today and will provide it for approval by EOD. I will make sure you are on
the list of users with updated access.

STC and Southcentre are close behind Yorkdale. UCM did not have any common
area updates but it will be receiving an update shortly to incorporate
Market & Co.

Hope that answers all your questions! Give me a call anytime if you would
like to discuss further.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: FW: Ailselab VS Traffic count Absolutely, Marco.

Regarding the numbers from Stephan, our count is 93% of the traditional
counters over 5 months. When we calibrate our scajaime to measured foot
traffic, we aim to present counts within 10% of the provided counts and
typically on the lower side as traditional traffic counters have a
propensity to over-count (includes employees, double counts anyone who
crosses the entrances more than once, etc.). You are correct that only
about 60% of people have smartphones with WiFi enabled, so our count will
never exactly match the counts from the old system.

If there is a concern about night traffic, we can alter the mall's
operating hours in our system. It sounds like Laure is only interested in
the traffic up to a certain time in the evening. Currently the system is
showing all detected visitors from 6AM until 11:59PM. We can adjust that to
only present visits that start before, say 10PM (rather than her adjusting
the hours through a filter each time she looks at the data). Just let me
know and I can apply that change.

If there are any other questions or concerns, let me know!

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Yorkdale Meeting Recap and Actions Hi Marco,

Thank you for your time on Monday. Below are the details of our discussion
and the actions we will take to ensure that you are confident in our
product and able to utilize it to its fullest capabilities.

Additionally, we think it would be best to set up a weekly touch base call.
The purpose of the call is to update you on the progress we make on
addressing data quality at Yorkdale and the portfolio and get your
feedback. We do not expect to need a long meeting but it would be good to
keep you in the loop on our progress. Please let me know if there is a
consistent time slot when you and your team have availability and we will
block it off.

*Store Visit Accuracy Actions:*

Please find the deck from the meeting attached (YDL Store Visit Analysis).
It contains details on our efforts to date in quantifying any difference
between Flow and physical visit counts as well as our next steps as
detailed below:

- on-site store visit counts are being conducted by our team (started
yesterday)
- these will run through next week Tuesday, after which we will have
counts for all stores (week 1)
- we will identify and provide the list of stores that have accurate and
inaccurate Flow visit numbers (week 2)
- using this information, we will perform targeted calibration to
resolve the visit anomalies (weeks 3-4)
- once this is completed we will conduct a second round of on-site
counts to validate the results
- a report will be provided detaijaime the results of the exercise


*Overall Visit Number Actions:*

As discussed, please provide any amount of available data from the A1
counters at different sites. We will use it to bound our visit values and
inform the capture rates of the dashboards.

Going forward, we would appreciate it if you could provide these numbers on
a regular basis. If this can be done through an API, that would be ideal.

*Dashboard Update:*

Below is a list of completed pages and locations where requested metrics
from those pages can be found on the current dashboard as well as the pages
that are still pending. Please refer to the attached document (Dashboard
Update Presentation) for the initial requirements set out for each page.

- Completed pages:
- Portfolio > Ranking > Patronage is Portfolio > Ranking
- Portfolio > Ranking > Dwell Times is Portfolio > Dwell Times
- Portfolio > Ranking > Comparison page is Compare > Site Comparison
page (currently limited metrics)
- Site > Overview > Maps page is very similar to Spaces > Heatmaps
page
- Site > Ranking > Entrances page is Portfolio > Space Footfall (has
not been updated to only entrances or to be filtered by space type)
- Site > Ranking > Floor Visitation is Portfolio > Floor Visitation
- Site > Ranking > Space Visitation is Portfolio > Space Visitation
- Site > Cross-Shop > Matrices is equivalent to a combination of the
Space Rankings and Mall > Space Profile (follows from Mall Overview page)
- Site > WiFi Users > Demographics is available as the Social WiFi >
Summary page
- We have added the fine grain dwell time breakdown and will be
completing the combined visualization of visits and dwell time by hour
shortly
- Pending pages:
- Site > Cross-Shop > Top Paths
- Site > WiFi Users > Usage
- Space > Tenant > Overview
- Space > Tenant > Performance
- Space > Tenant > Paths
- Space > Tenant > WiFi Users
- Space > Corridor > Overview
- Space > Corridor > Paths
- Space > Corridor > WiFi Users

Based on the meeting, high priority new metrics and features in addition to
the above pages include:

- the number of people within the mall and/or space at any given time
- unique visitors over a period (for one site and for cross-site visits)
- updated filter set to allow for easier access to data for visitor
entry or exit space, visits to one or more of a set of spaces, any spaces
except a given set, etc.

It would be beneficial to prioritize the pending items. We would be happy
to meet again soon and discuss delivery dates for the above after you have
had a chance to review and identify the pages and features for which your
team has greater need. We will get back to you as soon as possible with a
plan and delivery schedule.

Thanks again for your time and let us know if anything was omitted from the
above.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Access to new pages Hi Marco/Lauren/Manil,

We have provided you access to four new pages today under the *SITE *tab.
The new pages are as follows:

Visit Report - This is where you can view visit numbers by category and
view visit number/cross shop patterns for a selected category.
Connected Report - Here you can view visit trends for shoppers who
connected to the mall WiFi and filter for subsets like people who connected
to the mall WiFi and visited apple.
Space Report - Here you can visualize all the important metrics for
individual spaces inside the mall. You can also visualize cross visit
patterns for specific spaces and filter by minimum time spent in the
selected space. Also, we have added an affinity map which shows where a
shopper is more likely to go after visiting the selected store and the top
5 paths they take.
Entrance and Exit - Here you can see the first and last visit patterns for
visitors to the mall. You can arrange spaces by those with the highest
first visits recorded or vice versa.

All of the above mentioned pages are still being developed and fine tuned
so there may be occasional errors. Please use them and share your feedback
with us. We will discuss them in more detail in our next meeting.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Email A/B Test Hi Martinez,
I spoke to Marco and his team today as well. We want to get this going also. I’ll reach out to Square One and see if we can get this test going with them.
I guess what we would need is to replicate their current newsletter header and footer as well as ensuring that we maintain the unsubscribe link to ensure that people who click it are unsubscribed.
What would the sender email address be?
Thanks
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Royal Bank Plaza dashboard and meeting actions Thanks Martinez,

Just wanted to make sure all the sensors were functioning throughout 2018 as traffic is down almost by 1.5 million in 2018 compare to 2017.

Only thing I noticed from the data was, there is no traffic count in Jan 2018 for 6 days.

[cid:image001.png@01D4ACB3.63492B10]


Manil

From: Martinez Nancy [mailto:martinez@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: January-14-19 4:53 PM
To: Marco Biasiotto; Manil Wagle
Cc: Carter Rivera; Douglas Mo
Subject: Royal Bank Plaza dashboard and meeting actions

Hi Marco and Manil,

Hope you both had a good weekend.

Here is a link to the RBP dashboard (with data displayed since the site came online). You should both have access. Let me know if there are any issues or if you would like to add additional users.

https://app.gtbcorp.com/o/?emid=25771979&fspbl=&granularity=DAILY&smid=24504720&swid=&tab=SITEVISITREPORT&tdid=2657

Don't hesitate to send any questions you have about the data.

For our next meeting, we will have expanded Site Dwell comparison calculations, alternatives for the Affinity calculation, and an example impact report that we can review for next steps.

If you are able to determine how best to conduct trouble shooting for Connect issues going forward, including the responsibilities of site Operations Managers, it would be greatly appreciated.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Dr Seuss Temporary Sensors Deployment Just thinking whAt the cross shop is with the mall... how many new custricks is it bringing to the centre that didn’t come before... what tenants does an entertainment family concept like this cross shop with.  We are doing more of these types of activations and need to be able to quantify the indirect benefit to our malls especially if the deals are skinny.

Marco Biasiotto
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Concept Store Sensor Install You may have some issues in the space as the ceijaime heights are super high (40 feet?)
Have a look and see what we can do.
Marco

Marco Biasiotto, Director – Asset Research
Oxford Properties Group

Royal Bank Plaza North Tower
200 Bay Street, Suite 900 | Toronto, ON M5J 2J2 | Canada
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Yorkdale numbers Good morning all - Looking at Yorkdale numbers from Saturday they are all over the place.  If i look at all stores by time of day a number of stores have 0 value including the subway corridor and other corridors.
Also 12-1 i believe it was has a very low traffic number not sure what the reason for this is?
Is Pink one of the stores with no data? Not sure why it would have no numbers.

Marco Biasiotto
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Food District - Square One Hi Marco,

We should be able to provide this to you by the end of the week. Would you
be able to provide an overview of what this data is going to be used for so
that we can customize the report accordingly? Also, is there a specific
timeline you'd like to obtain this data for?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Food District - Square One Martinez – Hope all is well!
Any update on this data pull?
Also… can we jump on a call to discuss the contract?  Like to see what we can do once we go ahead and open back up again.
Let me know if we can get a call tomorrow.
Marco
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Infodev vs gtbcorps Data Hi Alexanderandre,

Thanks for bringing this discrepancy to me (and for waiting all day to hear
back, my apologies). The Oxford head office sends us monthly traffic counts
for each of the shopping centres as a comparison, so we are aware of and
looking into some changes in how much traffic we capture vs Infodev,
especially since the lockdowns earlier this year.

One thing I notice is that there's a big difference between your Infodev
values and the ones we received from the head office at the beginning of
this month (see below). The counts sent to us have much lower values in
March, April, and May of this year than the Infodev counts you provided.

Jan-20 746646
Feb-20 719736
Mar-20 405577
Apr-20 7165
May-20 104002
Jun-20 662743
Jul-20 725816
Aug-20 765910
Sep-20 657720
Oct-20 614708
Here is a long term comparison of the gtbcorps monthly traffic totals vs
Infodev (% of Infodev monthly total represented by gtbcorps monthly
total). You'll see that prior to April 2020, this value moves between 70%
and 90%. I will detail some reasons for this below. From June 2020,
gtbcorps appears to be seeing less of a recovery in traffic than Infodev
(this is what we are currently looking into).

[image: image.png]

gtbcorps will count fewer people than Infodev for a few reasons:

- gtbcorps removes staff visits (administrative staff, security,
cleaning staff, store staff, etc.), which can represent a lot of traffic
- if a shopper takes something out to their car or steps out for a smoke
break, Infodev will count this person as 2 visits while gtbcorps will only
count 1 visit (unless the shopper is away for several hours)
- shoppers who only visit anchor stores such as La Baie or Simons or
other stores with exterior entrances such as Sports Experts and do not pass
through the mall may not be captured by gtbcorps

With the above in mind, the difference between gtbcorps and Infodev has
been relatively stable, so the visit trends are definitely reliable. This
is also why we are taking a closer look at this year, especially from June
onward.

To help us with our investigation, it would be great if you could provide
some additional information:

- Infodev indicates that traffic in July and August was as much as
traffic in January and February. Does this seem realistic based on your
experience at the mall? We monitor a lot of different places and have not
seen such a recovery in traffic elsewhere
- Do you know why the Infodev traffic from head office would be so
different from the Infodev traffic you've provided? For example, would the
total they're looking at be from a different set of entrances than what
you've provided? Understanding this could help us to identify any issues
- Are there counters on all entrances to the mall (including the store
exterior entrances, for instance)?

We'll continue to look into this and let you know what we discover. If
you'd like to discuss any of the above in detail, let me know and we can
schedule a call!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Aislelabs Advanced Location Analytics Technology Proposal for GTAA
10 July 2016. Confidential.
Technology Overview
Aislelabs technology platform utilizes anonymous WiFi signals collected from mobile phones to determine the location of a mobile device inside a physical space for anonymous aggregate analytics. Aislelabs utilizes its own location engine that incorporates advanced algorithms with accuracy that can be tuned.
The basic methodology we follow involves the following steps:
· Placement of sensors in a suitable manner after inspection of the physical space in order to address the characteristics of the specific environment
· Automated and manual calibration of the signals in order to fingerprint all the suitable locations we wish to determine localization
· Application of an advanced machine learning framework of to incorporate the information collected during the calibration phase into a learning framework that is used to determine the location of any mobile device.
· A technology validation step to provide evidence on the expected accuracy of the deployment.Aggregation of signals from different sensors across a number of sensors to determine aggregate analytics on visitor behavior 
The methodology above will be applied during a deployment at GTAA. We have already conducted the walkthrough of all priority areas specified and we have provided the desired location of the sensors that in our view best address the required specification.
Once the sensor placement is complete, The the next step would be to conduct a thorough automated and manual calibration of the technology for each priority area specified. The calibration requires a detailed fingerprinting via a walkthrough of the space to record how the signals change inside the space. Recording of the signals provides a detailed view on how signals change based on the location inside the space and empowers the next step, which is the development of the learning framework to infer location based on signals.
Our learning framework employs Aislelabs’ advance learning proprietary technology to embed all collected signals into a learning machinestatistical learning models. This technology allows us distil all collected information and be able to generalize it in a way that we can determine the location of a new phone inside the space based on the signals we that are detected from it. This is what exactly allows us to provide detailed segmentation of the priority area into zones of interest and determine location and movement inside such zones.
Finally once calibration is complete, Aislelabs platform will continuously gather anonymous signal data from passenger devices creating traffic flow analytics. This will include detailed passenger segmentation based on their processing location in the priority areas, such as Nexus vs. non-Nexus passengers, or passengers using Automated Border Control vs. those seeing an officer at the CBSA counter. The analytics will be presented on the Flow real-time dashboard for GTAA and its affiliates to use along with predictive intelligence and staff recommendation modules.provides a technology validation step. In that step, the signals of a large collection of phones with known locations inside the space would be used as a test step. In that test, we will estimate how well the learning machine can predict the location of phones (with known location) based on the signals they emit. A detailed report is provided that shows the accuracy of the test step and such a report will be provided. This report will contain a statistical guarantee and provides a estimated mean accuracy and variance of our prediction. That way we will provide a formal statistical report as an outcome of our deployment.
Empirical Test for Technology Validation

The Wipro/GTAA team joined us to experience a demonstration of our technology and its associated accuracy on a test with an existing Aislelabs client. In particular we hosted the team at the Yorkdale Yorkdale Sshopping cCentere. Owned by Oxford Properties, Yorkdale Shopping Centre is one of Canada’s largest mall and has the highest sales per unit area in the country. Oxford Properties represents over 50 million sq. ft. of real estate globally, and is an Aislelabs client.	 (owned by Oxford properties which is an Aislelabs client). Although the specifics of the deployment at the shopping centere are a bit different that those at the Airport, we presented a scenario that closely resembles what is required at GTAA in terms of accuracy. 
In particular the scenario at the shopping centere is to reveal understand store visits of shoppers and their associated dwell times inside stores and their journey. We isolated the following test, which is detailed below that closely resembles the GTAA requirements.
The following are the details of a single phone running an Android operating system as captured by the existing Aislelabs Flow WiFi location analytics system at Yorkdale Shopping Centre on the morning of July 8th, 2016 in presence of GTAA and Wipro representatives. 
These data were used for a live demonstration of the location inference capabilities of a properly calibrated instance of Aislelabs Flow. The demonstration process and results are detailed below. See figure Figure 1 for the total time spent in each space visited and figure Figure 2 for the location of those spaces within Yorkdale Shopping Centre.
The phone was brought into the centre by the TTC entrance denoted as the south corridor (S Corridor, 1). It was then held in the area where the demonstration and discussion were to be held (Luxury Corridor, 2).Figure 1: Aggregate time spent by space

Prior to the start of the demonstration, the phone was taken to the centre corridor (Centre Corridor, 3) and then returned to the demonstration location.
In order to demonstrate the peak accuracy of the system, 2 adjacent stores with narrow storefronts were chosen (Moncler, 4, and Jimmy Choo, 5). 
First the phone was held inside the Moncler store for approximately 4 minutes as near as possible to the wall shared with the adjacent store Jimmy Choo. The wall itself is a simple divider—not a load-bearing structure—with an approximate thickness of 5 cmcm. After 4 minutes the system was allowed time to update the main server while the phone was held in the demonstration area. Once updated, the results were shown to Wipro and GTAA representatives which they confirmed the specific action, dwell times and location.
Next, the phone was held in Jimmy Choo near the shared wall for a similar duration. Figure 1 displays the results as registered by the Flow system after the demonstration. The system was able to clearly distinguish between signals collected from these two adjacent stores event though the division between the spaces is very small (as depicted in Figure 1). This result was verified by Wipro/GTAA live on site when it was produced.

Figure 2: Path of phone and location within the shopping centre

The conducted test verifies the accuracy of tracking the phone both across the mall and between adjacent stores. Tracking accuracy between Moncler and Jimmy Choo which are next to each other showcases the platform.
image1.png

image2.png


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FW: Quick Question Hi Derek,

Thanks for the update this morning. To follow up with some specifics, we are in need of analytics at two particular units (223 and 240) asap. Can you provide some insight into when all the sensors around these particular units will come online and/or provide Martinez with an updated diagram to begin calibrating and preparing the dashboards?

Lauren Blumberger – Analyst, Asset Research
Oxford Properties Group | Tel: (416) 865-2391 | Cell: (647) 669-8415
Royal Bank Plaza, North Tower
200 Bay Street, Suite 900 | Toronto, Ontario  M5J 2J2
lblumberger@oxfordproperties.com<mailto:lblumberger@oxfordproperties.com> | www.oxfordproperties.com<http://www.oxfordproperties.com/>


From: Martinez Nancy [mailto:martinez@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: Friday, July 14, 2017 10:35 AM
To: Manil Wagle
Cc: Marco Biasiotto
Subject: Re: Quick Question

Hi Manil,

The area around Unit 223 appears to be installed but, according to my records, not all of the sensors have PoE and are, therefore, not all online. The area around unit 240, according to the diagrams I have been provided to date, is not completely installed (I do not have MAC addresses for several sensor locations in that area).

In order to begin presenting reliable store-level analytics for a specific area of the mall, all sensors within broadcast range of the relevant unit(s) need to be online. We then collect calibration janetings, fine tune the dashboard, and then we can provide access. Typically this process takes 2 weeks after the complete installation and connection troubleshooting of at least 95% of the sensors. Since we employ janetings from as many sensors as possible in a given area to determine location, it is highly recommended that the whole system be brought online before anyone relies on the metrics.

In this case, since some sensors are online in each area, we could produce a report comparing traffic in a small area surrounding the units of interest. Would that work? Let me know if there are any specific numbers the team is interested and we will generate a report.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Yorkdale Update Hi Marco,

The area with no data that you pointed out had a sensor outage. The entire
mall network experienced an outage on November 29th, at which point we
contacted Simon Gaulin and Christian Perreault from the site team via
email. The site-wide issue resolved within a day although a set of sensors
including those in the affected area did not come online. We continued to
work with the site team to resolve the remaining outages (as of yesterday
all but 5 sensors were online again). Please see the attached document for
the complete exchange. As per the exchange, the issue was reported on
November 29th and, based on the subsequent emails, the issue for that
particular area was resolved on December 6th at which point we resumed data
collection. The attached email exchanges provide all communication and
actions we took to resolve this issue.

Regarding the area with lower visits than the surrounding areas, could you
please let me know the name of the zone in question? We will investigate
and get back to you with our findings.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Impact Report Draft Hi Marco and Manil,

Thanks for your time this week. I've attached the impact report for your
review. As soon as you are able to provide feedback in addition to what we
discussed during our meeting, please send it our way.

Have a great weekend!
Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

 - 1 -

Oxford Properties Proposal for Aislelabs 

Services 
Confidential. May 2016. 

 

Dear Oxford Properties Team, 

Please find below the pricing proposal for Flow and Social WiFi at ten properties, Yorkdale Shopping 

Centre, Upper Canada Mall, Hillcrest Mall, Les Galeries de la Capitale, Scarborough Town Centre, 

Southcentre Mall, Kingsway Mall, Les Promenades Gatineau, and Edmonton City Centre from Aislelabs. 

We value the time you have taken to test our products and we strive to demonstrate that Aislelabs’ 

solution can address all of the technical needs of this project. We look forward to a productive 

relationship over the years to come. 

Thanks, 

Team Aislelabs 

 

Introduction 
 

This proposal includes pricing for the four properties for three individual components: 

• Store Level Flow Analytics will provide granular store level analytics. Additional WiFi sensors will 

need to be installed at the properties. 

• Mixed Store + Zone Level Flow Analytics will provide granular store level analytics for 10 stores 

and zone level analytics for rest of the property. Additional WiFi sensors will need to be installed 

at the properties. 

• Zone Level Flow Analytics will provide analytics on shopper behaviour. Additional WiFi sensors 

will need to be installed at the properties. 

• Social WiFi will provide guest WiFi access while providing valuable demographics data to you 

and enabling email and social marketing. No new hardware will need to be installed at the 

properties for this. 

 

Additional Cost Components 

The proposal provides all costs as it relates to Aislelabs-provided sensor hardware, one-time setup costs, 

and monthly license fees. The proposal does not include the cost of the following two components: 

• In order to do Store Level Flow Analytics, the sensors will need to be physically installed in the 

properties by Rycom or Plan Group. Cost of this is not included in this proposal. 

 



 

 - 2 -

Reporting and Analyst Services 

The costs provided includes only the software costs for Aislelabs services. If additional services, including 

ad-hoc reporting, periodic reporting, data interpretation, or analyst services are required, they will be 

provided at an additional cost. 

 

Currency and Taxes 

The proposal outlines all costs in Canadian Dollars. Taxes, if applicable, are not included in the quoted 

prices. 

 

Sensor Requirement for Analytics 

The number of sensors to be installed at each mall is as follows: 

PROPERTY ZONE LEVEL MIXED 

ZONE+STORE LEVEL 

STORE LEVEL 

YORKDALE MALL N/A N/A 307 

UPPER CANADA MALL 50 100 200 

LES GALERIES DE LA CAPITALE 50 100 200 

SCARBOROUGH TOWN CENTRE 60 120 245 

SOUTHCENTRE 53 104 210 

SQUARE ONE 80 160 365 

HILLCREST 30 60 135 

KINGSWAY MALL 52 104 214 

LES PROMENADES GATINEAU 35 70 175 

EDMONTON CITY CENTRE 39 78 178 

 

 

Aislelabs’ One-time Hardware and Setup Costs 

All setup will be done at a one-time cost as listed below. The setup fee will include configuration of floor 

plans and their segmentation in the Flow dashboard, and first-time setup of the splash page for the 

Social WiFi. Any future major changes to the splash page will be priced based on an hourly rate. Hourly 

rate for all engineering work for specific customizations will be $175 per hour. 

• One-time setup of Flow and Social WiFi: $4,000 per property 

Hardware cost of each sensor unit is CA $200. The pricing is discounted based on the volume in the 

number of total sensors.  The total setup fee, excluding the fee for cabling by Rycom / Plan Group is as 

follows. 

Note, the Yorkdale mall has 109 sensors already installed. The cost matrix below only lists the cost for 

remaining 198 sensors to be installed for store level density. 

 

 



 

 - 3 -

One-time setup and hardware costs by property: 

Property ZONE LEVEL MIXED ZONE+StORE 

LEVEL 

STORE  LEVEL 

Yorkdale Mall N/A N/A Sensor Hardware: 

$39,600 

 

Social WiFi and Flow 

Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included; 109 sensors 

already installed with 

198 to be installed. 

 

Upper Canada Mall Sensor Hardware: 

$10,000 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Sensor Hardware: 

$20,000 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Sensor Hardware: 

$40,000 

 

Social WiFi and Flow 

Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

 

Les Galeries de la Capitale Sensor Hardware: 

$10,000 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Sensor Hardware: 

$20,000 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

 

Sensor Hardware: 

$40,000 

 

Social WiFi and Flow 

Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Scarborough Town Centre Sensor Hardware: 

$12,000 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

 

Sensor Hardware: 

$24,000 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Sensor Hardware: 

$49,000 

 

Social WiFi and Flow 

Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Southcentre Sensor Hardware: 

$10,600 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Sensor Hardware: 

$20,800 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Sensor Hardware: 

$42,000 

 

Social WiFi and Flow 

Setup: $4,000 

 



 

 - 4 -

Cabling cost not 

included 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Square One Sensor Hardware: 

$16,000 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

 

Sensor Hardware: 

$32,000 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Sensor Hardware: 

$73,000 

 

Social WiFi and Flow 

Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Hillcrest Sensor Hardware: 

$6,000 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

 

Sensor Hardware: 

$12,000 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Sensor Hardware: 

$27,000 

 

Social WiFi and Flow 

Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Kingsway Mall Sensor Hardware: 

$10,400 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

 

Sensor Hardware: 

$20,800 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Sensor Hardware: 

$42,800 

 

Social WiFi and Flow 

Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Les Promenades Gatineau Sensor Hardware: 

$7,000 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

 

Sensor Hardware: 

$14,000 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Sensor Hardware: 

$35,000 

 

Social WiFi and Flow 

Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Edmonton City Centre Sensor Hardware: 

$7,800 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Sensor Hardware: 

$15,600 

 

Social WiFi and 

Flow Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 

Sensor Hardware: 

$35,600 

 

Social WiFi and Flow 

Setup: $4,000 

 

Cabling cost not 

included 



 

 - 5 -

 

Subscription Fees 
The subscription fees for the products will be as follows. 

 

Flow Monthly Costs 

Flow service is provided at a cost of $45 per sensor per month. If additional sensors are added to the 

properties for analysis, the pricing will be incremented in batch of 10 sensors at a time. If less than 10 

additional sensors are placed, the subscription fees will remain unchanged. 

 

Property ZONE LEVEL MIXED ZONE+StORE 

LEVEL 

STORE  LEVEL 

Yorkdale Mall N/A N/A $13,815 / month 

Upper Canada Mall $2,250 / month $4,500 / month $9,000 / month 

Les Galeries de la Capitale $2,250 / month $4,500 / month $9,000 / month 

Scarborough Town Centre $2,700 / month $5,400 / month $11,025 / month 

Southcentre $2,385 / month $4,680 / month $9,450 / month 

Square One $3,600 / month $7,200 / month $16,425 / month 

Hillcrest $1,350 / month $2,700 / month $6,075 / month 

Kingsway Mall $2,340 / month $4,680 / month $9,630 / month 

Les Promenades Gatineau $1,575 / month $3,150 / month $7,875 / month 

Edmonton City Centre $1,755 / month $3,510 / month $8,010 / month 

 

Social WiFi Monthly Costs 

Social WiFi service is provided at a cost of $50 per AP per month. The service works as an add-on to the 

Flow service for providing a 360 degree view of analytics with marketing capabilities. 

 

Property Number of Sensors MONTHLY SUBSCRIPTION 

COST for FLOW 

Les Galeries de la Capitale 35 APs (estimated) $1,750 

Yorkdale Mall 34 APs $1,700 

Upper Canada Mall 29 APs $1,450 

Southcentre 41 APs $2,050 

Hillcrest 20 APs $1,000 

Scarborough Town Centre 35 APs (estimated) $1,750 

Square ONE 40 APs (estimated) $2,000 

Kingsway Mall 35 APs (estimated) $1,750 

Les Promenades Gatineau 35 APs (estimated) $1,750 

Edmonton City Centre 35 APs (estimated) $1,750 

Total Social WiFi Service 339 APs (estimated) $16,950 / month 

 



 

 - 6 -

Volume Discounts for Flow Service 
 

Aislelabs will work with Oxford Properties Group to provide discounts with volume of the number of 

Flow sensors being deployed. The discounts will only apply to the Flow pricing. It is assumed that the 

Flow service across all properties will be operational in Q1 of 2017 with 1,500 or more sensors. 

Oxford Properties Deployment Commitment Discount for Flow services with 3 year term 

More than 1,700 Flow sensors 42% 

More than 2,200 Flow sensors 45% 

 

An additional 5% discount will be applied if payments are made as annual pre-payments at the 

beginning of the year.  

Note, all prices are provided in CAD and do not include taxes. 

Services in 2016 

Oxford Properties plan to deploy the services at three properties. In addition, Social WiFi can be 

deployed in any of the other seven properties independent of Flow service. 

PROPERTY SERVICES 

YORKDALE MALL $13,815 / month for Store-level Flow 

+ 

$1,700 / month for Social WiFi 

 

UPPER CANADA MALL 

 

 

$2,755 / month for Flow + Social WiFi using Cisco APs 

HILLCREST $1,350 / month for Zone-level Flow 

+ 

$1,000 / month for Social WiFi 

 

Services in 2017-2020 

 

Option 1: Social WiFi at all properties with Flow service as 6 properties with Store-level, 1 with Zone-

level and 3 with Mixed Zone + Store level density. This will result in a total of 1,814 Flow sensors. If 

Oxford Properties commits to deployment at this scale with a three year term, Aislelabs will provide a 

42% discount on the Flow service pricing. The pricing as provided with volume discounts will be 

$771,554 per year ($568,144 for Flow + $203,400 for Social WiFi). With annual prepayments for each of 

the three years, the price will reduce to $732,966 per year. 

Option 2: Social WiFi at all properties with Store-level Flow service at all 10 properties. This will result in 

a total of 2,229 Flow sensors. If Oxford Properties commits to deployment at this scale with a three year 

term, Aislelabs will provide a 45% discount on the Flow service pricing. The pricing as provided with 

volume discounts will be $865,413 per year ($662,013 for Flow + $203,400 for Social WiFi). With annual 

prepayments for each of the three years, the price will reduce to $822,142 per year. 



 

 - 7 -

The table below shows a breakdown by property with monthly billing option. 

Property Option 1 Option 2 

Les Galeries de la Capitale $2,610/m for Mixed-level Flow 

+ 

$1,750/m for Social WiFi 

 

$4,950/m for Store-level Flow 

+ 

$1,750/m for Social WiFi 

Yorkdale Mall $8,012/m for Store-level Flow 

+ 

$1,700/m for Social WiFi 

 

$7,598/m for Store-level Flow 

+ 

$1,700/m for Social WiFi 

Upper Canada Mall $5,220/m for Store-level Flow 

+ 

$1,450/m for Social WiFi 

 

$4,950/m for Store-level Flow 

+ 

$1,450/m for Social WiFi 

Southcentre $5,481/m for Store-level Flow 

+ 

$2,050/m for Social WiFi 

 

$5,197/m for Store-level Flow 

+ 

$2,050/m for Social WiFi 

Hillcrest $783/m for Zone-level Flow 

+ 

$1,000/m for Social WiFi 

 

$3,341/m for Store-level Flow 

+ 

$1,000/m for Social WiFi 

Scarborough Town Centre $6,394/m for Store-level Flow 

+ 

$1,750/m for Social WiFi 

 

$6,063/m for Store-level Flow 

+ 

$1,750/m for Social WiFi 

Square One $9,526/m for Store-level Flow 

+ 

$2,000/m for Social WiFi 

 

$9,033/m for Store-level Flow 

+ 

$2,000/m for Social WiFi 

Kingsway Mall $2,714/m for Mixed-level Flow 

+ 

$1,750/m for Social WiFi 

 

$5,296/m for Store-level Flow 

+ 

$1,750/m for Social WiFi 

Les Promenades Gatineau $4,567/m for Store-level Flow 

+ 

$1,750/m for Social WiFi 

 

$4,331/m for Store-level Flow 

+ 

$1,750/m for Social WiFi 

Edmonton City Centre $2,035/m for Mixed-level Flow 

+ 

$1,750/m for Social WiFi 

 

$4,405/m for Store-level Flow 

+ 

$1,750/m for Social WiFi 

Total $64,296 / month 

or 

$732,966 / yr with prepayment 

$72,117 / month 

or 

$822,142 / yr with prepayment 

 



 

 - 8 -

About Aislelabs 
  

Aislelabs is a Toronto based technology company with clients across the globe. We provide an advanced 

location-based marketing and analytics platform for shopping malls, airports, financial services, venues 

and retail stores. Our patent-pending location technology is developed by a team of data scientists and 

PhDs who hold 20+ US and international patents. Aislelabs’ customer portfolios are valued at over $20 

billion with over 50 million sq. ft. of real estate. 

Aislelabs’ primary investor is Salesforce Ventures. Salesforce Inc. is a global cloud computing company 

headquartered in San Francisco, California.  Salesforce Inc. is publicly traded on the New York Stock 

Exchange with FY2014 revenues of US $4.07 billion.  

 

The core strength of the Aislelabs’ solution is the most advanced and comprehensive location based 

technology in the industry. Aislelabs is the only vendor that provides an end-to-end product suite which 

covers all aspects of location-technology for large shopping malls. This includes, Wi-Fi based analytics, 

iBeacon based marketing, mobile wallet marketing, real-time push notifications, custom revenue 

integration, reporting on connected users, and indoor way finding technology. 

Aislelabs’ solution is built in a modular way and is fully customizable as per customer needs. This includes 

fast custom integrations with internal systems.As a global thought leader in the location-based 

technology, Aislelabs products are used by enterprise customers around the world. The technology 

encompasses the most accurate and scalable platform of its kind and is protected by inventions and 

patents. 

 



 

 - 9 -

Aislelabs’ Product Suite 

 

Detailed footfall analytics utilizing anonymous Wi-Fi data. No app required taps directly into your 

existing Wi-Fi and delivers highly granular, customizable analytics around shopper behavior. 

Social analytics for the physical space to further understand guest’s interests, demographics, and 

where they spend most of their time. 

Mobile SDK integration to any app and a cloud based iBeacon deployment, management and 

marketing platform with superior analytical functions. Deliver location based marketing to 

shoppers inside the mall in real time. 

The power of iBeacon marketing without a custom app, direct integrations with iOS passbook and 

Google wallet. 

Advanced indoor navigation solution for any venue as an add-on to any app, using Wi-Fi and 

iBeacon.  



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Flow Dashboard Enhancements Yes that works.
What I did was access through Social Wifi – Connected Users – then when I click on an individual there I can’t get their information.
M

Marco Biasiotto, Director – Analytics, Insights & Innovation
Oxford Properties Group

100 Adelaide Street W., Suite 900
Toronto, ON  M5H 0E2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Yorkdale Hi Marco,

We have looked into the issue with Cheesecake Factory and applied a fix.
The issue was with the division of the sensors on the exterior of the
building and the interior of the mall. Now, any shoppers detected by the
Cheesecake Factory Entrance sensors for a substantial period of time are
counted as having visited the restaurant.

Please check the dashboard and verify that the visit counts are now closer
to the expected values. If you still see the issue, please let me know.

exterior entrance sensors going forward.
On Friday we would like to discuss adding this type of filter to all
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Yorkdale numbers Hi Martinez,

The Cineplex analysis is urgent but I figured out a way to do it with what we have available. The one number I am missing is how many times a unique visitor comes to STC in a year on average. Would you be able to get this before EOD?

Lauren Blumberger, Analyst – Analytics, Insights & Innovation
Oxford Properties Group | Tel: (416) 865-2391 | Cell: (647) 669-8415
100 Adelaide Street W., Suite 900
Toronto, ON  M5H 0E2
lblumberger@oxfordproperties.com<mailto:lblumberger@oxfordproperties.com> | www.oxfordproperties.com<http://www.oxfordproperties.com/>

From: Martinez Nancy [mailto:martinez@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: May-18-18 11:20 AM
To: Lauren Blumberger
Cc: Marco Biasiotto; Manil Wagle
Subject: Re: Yorkdale numbers

Also, if the Cineplex request is very urgent, provide us with the details and we can pull the required information immediately.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Yorkdale Cheesecake Factory Opening Report Hi Marco,

I have attached a report on the queues for The Cheesecake Factory during
the first week it was open. We would appreciate your comments. Also, let us
know if there is any additional analysis you would like to see!

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
->>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Results Neural Index:
But it was a one-time campaign
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Questions Hi Martinez,

Our team just did a quick review of the gtbcorps dashboard and we have a few questions - do you have time for a brief call today to discuss?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Yorkdale Prom Activation Dashboard with Centre Court Sensors Thanks for the update Martinez.

We have collected the in-centre data from the Prom activation so we would like to organize the final Prom analysis. We are waiting for a few details from participating stores.

Can you let me know if you have time tomorrow or Thursday to discuss?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Meeting Hi Marco,

We would be happy to come to your offices on Monday. Carter is unavailable
but Juan will join. We will get back to you on the timing.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Invoicing Hi Santo,

My colleague has informed me that you have reached out regarding invoicing.
I would be happy to address any questions or concerns you might have.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Meeting Tomorrow Hi Marco,

Are you in the office tomorrow? Seems that Manil is out. If neither of you
are available I will cancel the meeting.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Urban test Not a problem Martinez!
Marco

Marco Biasiotto, Director – Asset Research
Oxford Properties Group

Royal Bank Plaza North Tower
200 Bay Street, Suite 900 | Toronto, ON M5J 2J2 | Canada
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: On way? Just on 23 by the elevators

<MBiasiotto@oxfordproperties.com>
On Wed, 28 Mar 2018, 11:36 Marco Biasiotto,
wrote:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: gtbcorp sensors _ Food Market Hi Christian,

Apologies for the delay. You will have both quotes today.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
STC Presentation Prep Hi Marco,

Looking forward to the meeting today. We will be at STC at least 15 minutes
early.

In preparation, we have created a user account with the appropriate site
and page access. Details are as follows.

*Username: *presentation@oxfordproperties.com
*Password: *sitedemo2018

We have also set up an array of stores to show outside potential areas. The
lists for Yorkdale and STC are below.

*STC:* Body Shop, H&M, Nutrition House, Zara, Disney Store
*Yorkdale:* Hunter, Sporting Life, Holt Renfrew Gucci, Apple, Canada Goose

If there is anything else you need us to prepare advance, please let me
know.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Updated Fee Proposal Hi Marco,

Checking in again. Any updates on the contract amendment?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Quick question That works

Marco Biasiotto, Senior Director – Analytics, Insights & Innovation
Oxford Properties Group
100 Adelaide Street W., Suite 900
Toronto, ON M5H 0E2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Flow Dashboard Enhancements Hi Marco

We'll look into it now and get back to you.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Access for our leasing and asset management teams. Hi Marco,

I will take care of this and have all the details to you tomorrow.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: User Access Permissions Marco

We can get this done by Monday.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<@U69RNJ9N0> give Manil, Lauren and Marco access to Anchor Report page on or before Monday. Confirm when you receive this message; and confirm again when the change is implemented and the client is notified. If any questions on using Anchor Report, ask Sina.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TR: gtbcorps Hello Martinez,

Do you still take care of biljaime for our mall?  You will notice on this current invoice we just received, the taxes do not reflect the GST/QST as we usually get.  Can you please reissue a new invoice with the correct taxes.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
we sent out the large oxford report 2 weeks ago and took some time to prepare
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Malls Reopening Hey Martinez!
2pm works
Marco
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Contract Status Of course! I will give you a call at 11.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: FW: Special Gift Card Offer Morning Sam,

We were able to correct the issue with the question mark. I've sent all
previews again. Say the word and I'll set them up to send to social wifi
users.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Dix30 Hello Juan – Please provide pricing for store level coverage of the square and the lifestyle centre at Dix30.

Jean-Francois – Please provide Juan and team at gtbcorps with the floorplan of the square and lifestyle portions of Dix30 as they are not presently available on our system (will be updated tomorrow).

Yes please include Flow and Connect pricing.
Please contact Jean-Francois regarding any more specific questions.

We are presenting a budget to co-owners by the end of the week and need some guidance to present.
Thanks!
Marco


Marco Biasiotto, Director – Analytics, Insights & Innovation
Oxford Properties Group

100 Adelaide Street W., Suite 900
Toronto, ON  M5H 0E2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Meeting this Week Hi Marco,

Hope you had a great weekend. Do you and your team have time this week for
a meeting to discuss the progress on our open items? Wednesday and Thursday
afternoons work best for us but we can accommodate other times if your
schedule is full on those days.

Let me know and we will send an invite!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Updated Fee Proposal Its perfect yes thank you!
Should I reach out to our legal to update the contract or does that come from you for the amendment?
Marco
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I will increase the rate now
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Yorkdale Closing Hours Report Dear Marco

as requested please find the report with the absolute numbers at closing in
the appendix. If you have any questions
kindly let us know.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Updated Fee Proposal Hi Marco,

I can see some windows of availability from 1:30-2:30 and after 4:00 today.
Let me know if either of those work.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Updated Contract with Custrick Hub Fees Many thanks, Martinez. I will follow up once legal has a chance to review.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Sensor Offline - ac86749235a8 Hi Jason,

Marco from head office has been in touch about La Dolce Vita. Here is a
link to the event report we have set up for it:
https://app.gtbcorp.com/o/?emid=25663860&orgid=404&smid=25663560&tab=EVENTREPORT&tdid=2293&view=eventList&event_id=168

Let me know if you have any questions.

Regarding the sensor, will someone be looking into it?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FW: Access gtbcorps LPG Hi Lori!

Could you kindly approve and confirm with Martinez our request to have access to Capitale’s gtbcorp data ?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hey Just following up on the gtbcorps Upper Canada Mall data.
Will it be operational soon? Do you have the updated map to view in your dashboards?
Marco

Marco Biasiotto, Director – Analytics, Insights & Innovation
Oxford Properties Group

100 Adelaide Street W., Suite 900
Toronto, ON  M5H 0E2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Food District - Square One Hi Marco,

Aditya put together the attached deck with Food District data and sent it
over on Friday. Let me know if that works or if there's anything required
in addition to it.

We can definitely have a call tomorrow. Do you have time between 1:30 and
3:30 tomorrow?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: User List - Marketing Team Identification Hi Martinez,

Thanks for the below.

Lucia and I have a meeting next week to chat through - please standby!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Update At a conference now just going through the Yorkdale site.  Small detail but I don't see moose knuckle listed in the tenant list when I type it in now under space report.


Marco Biasiotto
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Updated Fee Proposal Hey Marco,

The proposal we discussed this week looks good to us.

Just to confirm, here are the details we discussed. Let me know if anything
is incorrect here.

- Downgrade SCM and UCM from store level to zones
- Activate Flow for Nov and Dec 2020 at 50% discount
- Invoice starting Jan 2021 at the new 10% discounted rate
- Invoice 33% of 2021 total cost in advance (Nov 2020)

Should we put this agreement on paper and sign? If so, let me know what the
requirements are from your side (I feel like Oxford has well established
procedures for this kind of thing).
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Yorkdale new dashboard update Hi Marco,

Yes January 13th.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Confirmation of Meeting on Friday Hey Martinez.. yes still a good time
Address below please come to the 9th floor.
Thanks!
Marco


Marco Biasiotto, Director – Asset Research
Oxford Properties Group

Royal Bank Plaza North Tower
200 Bay Street, Suite 900 | Toronto, ON M5J 2J2 | Canada
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Food District - Square One Hi Marco,

Do you have time for the contract discussion call today sometime between
1:30 and 3:30? Let me know and I'll send an invite.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Updated
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Password Reset Hi Marco,

Thanks again for your time today. Here are your new credentials:

User: mbiasiotto@oxfordproperties.com
Password: yrbqvwgasp64
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Marketing Thank you so much for the quick turn-around!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1MIjXOXuzRcnH7-F_sQpNZaHX1qENF33BGCajq0MxRbQ/edit#slide=id.g87b2096f63_0_1>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
much appreciated
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FW: FW: SQ1- Heat Map Hi Martinez,

Sorry to bother you.

One more request below. May be for comparison do like three weeks starting June 24 or July 01 to July 14th.

Marco, might be good time to bring this up with VPs that we are getting request for stats but we have suspended the service, doesn’t make sense.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: DIX30 - gtbcorps Budget Hi Jean-Francois,

No problem. We simply charge $200/sensor for the hardware.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dix 30 Digital Analytics Hi Derek and Martinez-

Hope you both had a good weekend !

Question for you- can you let me know when you can provide us a quote for zone, medium and high density @ Dix 30 ?

The team is eager to get moving on this project.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Yorkdale numbers Hi Lauren,

I have notified the development team of this issue. I will get back to you
with a timeline as soon as possible.

Marco—as discussed, the dip in visits at 12PM last Saturday on Yorkdale's
dashboard will be rectified by tomorrow. We will continue to investigate
the Pink store visit count.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Burberry Carter – Martinez: … can you confirm the traffic numbers for Ferragamo and Ted Baker are high density for the individual stores?
The numbers seem low…. Like Coach did.
Marco

From: Carter Rivera [mailto:carter@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: Sunday, March 13, 2016 4:28 PM
To: Marco Biasiotto
Cc: Martinez Nancy
Subject: Re: Burberry

Hi Marco,

I sent the wrong URL. Please click below:

https://beta.gtbcorp.com/o/?tab=SWREPORT&tdid=456&swid=7417401&smid=24255660&emid=24298799&fvtid=54&

[Inline image 1]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I let him know we were debugging
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Add emails to the newsletter Thank you Martinez for all your help in this issue.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Query is: What was the wifi issue that Yorkdale had
->>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>  Results full text index:
WiFi Status: Yorkdale / UCM Hi all,

As of now, the WiFi should be operating normally at both the malls. Our
engineers confirmed this by being on-site at Yorkdale this afternoon. UCM
we believe had no issues, but we have not verified this on-site.

Over part of the weekend and earlier this morning, the Social WiFi login
was operating normally, but after login, the Single Digits access was
faijaime at the Yorkdale mall. We will wait for a root cause analysis from
Martinez O'Brien and team to provide details what caused and fixed the issue.

Kaitlyn / Martinez please also let us know if there is a monitoring alert
that can be configured on your end to notify of a similar situation in
future. While we will keep monitoring it manually, let us know if an alert
can be configured in your dashboard which triggers when only a few users
are able to access the network.

Meredith, let us know if we can provide additional details. We can have our
technicans visit UCM to test this evening or tomorrow morning if needed.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: gtbcorps Sensors Yorkdale We're not sure what the cause is, unfortunately. We tested disabjaime
meshing for this issue at UCM and the sensor did not start functioning
correctly.

It could be a VLAN issue. We just had a meshing sensor in the new Mega Parc
install at Capitale and that was the cause. It may also be possible that
the sensor is connected through the wrong physical port on the device (not
the 802.3af port).

If you could swap out one of the devices and return it to us, our
networking team would take a look and see if the issue is the sensor.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Yorkdale numbers Hi Martinez,

Wondering if we can get an update on what the team is currently working on and what is still on the list to complete. The new API and the anchor report are of top priority right now. We also need to add a dwell time filter to all reports (this was the most common issue we found the teams had during the off-site exercise).
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 4

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

1.04 Capitale On-Going 31-May-16

Sensor & Infrastructure Placements

During the site meeting, The site team requested to have the 

Aislelabs installation completed as a single phase. Some areas of 

the site have new ceilings installed and some areas have existing 

ceiling to be demolished or have been demolished.

INFORMATION

In order to accommodate the request, RYCOM will place infrastructure into the final sensor location 

as close as possible and leave 20' coils on the cabling. The cabling will be placed as high as possible 

into the steal structure. Once the new ceiling starts to be framed. The general contractor trades 

(Coordinated by others) will place the sensors into the final location as define on the RCP drawings. 

NOTE - It's critical the sensors be placed within 5' accuracy as shown on drawings to achieve 

accurate counts. 

OXFORD 

MARKETING

CAPITALE

RYCOM

AISLELABS

GENERAL 

CONTRACTOR

1.05 Capitale Update 23-Jun-16

Project Timing

Section to track the Timeline for the project.

19-Aug-16

Anticipated start date of Monday July 11th. Anticipated completion by August 12th. RYCOM will 

attempt to improve on completion date. 

UPDATED JULY-17-2016 - Progress on site is going well. By the end of the 1st week nearly all the 

cabling has been pulled

RYCOM

AISLELABS

TBL

1.07 Capitale NEW 15-Jul-16

Internet Issue - the Capitale network is not currently being 

managed like the other Base Buildings RYCOM has commissioned. 

It was brought to our attention the public Wifi was cutting in and 

out. Laure Pettigrew reached out to RYCOM to attempt to identify 

the problem. Reviewing the logs, the internet is becoming over 

loaded and is causing internet outages as it can't handle the 

traffic.

ASAP

JULY-15-2016 - RYCOM has recommended a higher speed internet connection be placed at the 

shopping centre. RYCOM could provide the appropriate sized internet connection for this point in 

time provided a managed service is selected. The site can  also procure their own and RYCOM can 

configure. RYCOM has notified Aislelabs of this issue as well. Pending direction from site how to 

proceed.

RYCOM

CAPITALE

2.02 Hillcrest Update 18-May-16

Revised Drawings

Aisle labs provided a revised drawing. RYCOM to review and 

provide Comments 

22-Jul-16

RYCOM has reviewed and provided comments. The base building network was designed by others 

but was limited to support mostly common area locations. RYCOM identified areas where Ethernet 

extension technology would be required and provided a high level budget per clouded area  and 

asked the site to confirm how they would like to move forward.

UPDATE JUN-02-16 - Revised drawings with site team. They removed the Hudson Bay, & Sporting 

Life sensors from scope. Upon roll out, RYCOM will identify other possible means of providing 

sensors in this area.

UPDATE JULY-17-16 - Reviewing and developing a Plan.

OXFORD 

MARKETING

HILLCREST

RYCOM

AISLELABS

2.04 Hillcrest Update 2-Jun-16

Project Timing

Section to track the Timeline for the project.

17-Jul-16

Aislelabs - Sensors proposed to be onsite during the week of June 13th.

RYCOM - Estimated start mid week of June 6th.

UPDATE JUNE-23-16 - Approx. 70 percent of cable roughed in. Sensor placement starting June 27th.

Anticipated partial turn-up by July 6th, New Construction may not meet this timeline. 

UPDATED JUL-17-16 - All sensors are placed except the ones to go in Starbucks. An attempt was 

made to get sensors inside Starbucks however due to the glass frontage, The cabling won't be  able 

to be placed inside Starbucks.  Sensors to be placed on the roof instead.  Aislelabs has confirmed 

they can see the sensors except the Starbucks.

RYCOM

AISLE LABS

HILLCREST

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or influencing 

this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

Welcome!!!! This document package is to provide updates and highlights to the Progression of the Project

HIGHLIGHTS

- Hillcrest completed except rooftop. (Rooftop scope is part of separate proposal with the property)

- Capitale, 80 percent of 1st floor cabling roughed in. Anticipated completion of common areas by July 29th.

- Quebec Construction Holiday between July 24 to August 7, 2016, Wasn't factored into the schedule. (1 week delay overall)

- Capitale, Anchor cabling and sensor placement completed after the construction Holiday.  Anticipated Completion Aug-19-16

- STC Aislelabs Design under review. RYCOM will provide some budgetary options.

 Print Issue Date: 07,17,2016  9:43 PM

Page 1 of 2



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 4

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or influencing 

this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

Welcome!!!! This document package is to provide updates and highlights to the Progression of the Project

HIGHLIGHTS

- Hillcrest completed except rooftop. (Rooftop scope is part of separate proposal with the property)

- Capitale, 80 percent of 1st floor cabling roughed in. Anticipated completion of common areas by July 29th.

- Quebec Construction Holiday between July 24 to August 7, 2016, Wasn't factored into the schedule. (1 week delay overall)

- Capitale, Anchor cabling and sensor placement completed after the construction Holiday.  Anticipated Completion Aug-19-16

- STC Aislelabs Design under review. RYCOM will provide some budgetary options.

2.05 Hillcrest NEW 4-Jul-16

Conduits on Roof Top to avoid tenant space

To avoid going through tenant space, RYCOM is reviewing options 

to have the sensors placed on the rooftop. ASAP

RYCOM  has performed a walk around with the base building electrical contractor to route conduit 

on the roof. The property had requested RYCOM to have another contractor review the scope of 

work.

July 11th 2016 - Another contractor walked the site and is preparing a quotation.

RYCOM

Hillcrest

3.02 Yorkdale OPEN 17-May-16

TIMING & APPROACH

RYCOM participated in Oxford's National Marketing Kickoff 

meeting with Yorkdale. The site is fine tuning the installation of 

where they would like sensors placed. Discussed Timing of 

Projects

TBD

East & West Expansions cabling to be completed prior to expansion opening. (Would recommend 

sensor installation with cabling to keep within budgets provided.) Central Shopping Centre to start 

in Q2. Yorkdale Marketing to refine the stores that could use High Density Now.

Pending Direction to proceed.

RYCOM

AISLE LABS

OXFORD 

MARKETING

YORKDALE

3.03 Yorkdale OPEN 19-May-16

Drawings & Timing

Aislelabs provided drawings identifying areas where high density 

sensors would need to be installed. TBD

Information is with Oxford National Marketing to Review. RYCOM has provided a breakdown of the 

East, West & Central Aislelabs Installation Pricing.

Pending Direction to proceed.

RYCOM

AISLE LABS

OXFORD 

MARKETING

YORKDALE

3.04 Yorkdale NEW 29-Jun-16

Nordstrom Court

RYCOM rec'vd request to provide pricing to install a limited run of 

Aislelabs sensors in Nordstrom court
2-Jul-16

It would be beneficial to install all the sensors required in Nordstrom court as a special lift is 

required due to the ceiling elevation. 

Pending Direction to proceed. - REF# DHA-01473
National Marketing

3.05 Yorkdale NEW 17-Jul-16

Rooftop Work

In order to avoid routing infrastructure through tenant space, 

Conduits and rooftop openings will be required.

INFORMATION

Notification outside work is required. It would be beneficial to have work completed in Fall of 2015 

or spring of 2016.  Roof portion contains conduits, roof access openings and cabling. Yorkdale

4.01 STC NEW 6-Jul-16

Sensor Placements

STC has revised the sensor placements from the original drawing 

provided. Coverage is requested inside the Anchor tenants that 

wasn't accounted for. The significances is, Ethernet extender 

technology maybe required. RYCOM to review and ASAP

RYCOM reviewed options with Aislelabs regarding Pad sites. Point to Point wireless could be used 

however has I high order of magnitude in overall cost.  Another option is to procuring single Internet 

connections, (1) per pad site. There would be a monthly on-going fee for such internet connections.

RYCOM reviewing inside the shopping centre concerns.
STC

National Marketing

RYCOM

Aislelabs

4.02 STC NEW 17-Jul-16

Unique Offer - There is a unique offer available  until July 25th 

2016. STC has the ability to leverage this unique offer providing 

approval is received from National Programs and the order is 

placed before July 2016

25-Jul-16

RYCOM to receive direction from National Marketing how to proceed. Pending approval from 

Oxford National Programs.
National Programs

STC

RYCOM

5.01 Square one NEW 17-Jul-16

Unique Offer - There is a unique offer available  until July 25th 

2016. Square one has the ability to leverage this unique offer 

providing approval is received from National Programs and the 

order is placed before July 2016

25-Jul-16

RYCOM to receive direction from National Marketing how to proceed. Pending approval from 

Oxford National Programs.
National Programs

Square One

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 07,17,2016  9:43 PM

Page 2 of 2



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Issue with Social WiFi at Yorkdale Hi Meredith,

There appears to be an issue with Social WiFi at Yorkdale. We are seeing
very low sign in numbers and one of our team members attempted to sign in
and was served a Meraki page instead of the splash page. There has been no
change on our end and we are not seeing this issue with any other
properties.

Have there been any changes to the network hardware at Yorkdale? I am not
aware of any reason a Meraki page would be present.

I'm not sure who would be in charge of that at the mall so if you can let
me know I'll get in touch with him or her. I've included everyone I think
might have some insight into the issue on this email.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Issue with Social WiFi at Yorkdale Thank you. I am logged into the social Wi-Fi dashboard as I type and see 360 unique users today aljanety opposed to 62 in total for yesterday.

Meredith

Meredith Vlitas, National Manager, Asset Marketing and Digital Strategy
Oxford Properties Group
Royal Bank Plaza, North Tower
200 Bay Street, Suite 900 Toronto, Ontario M5J 2J2
Ph. 416-865-8355
Cell. 647-504-8215

mvlitas@oxfordproperties.com<mailto:mvlitas@oxfordproperties.com>

The Oxford Way video<http://view.vzaar.com/3520440/player>

From: matthew.dematos@rycom.ca [mailto:matthew.dematos@rycom.ca] On Behalf Of Service Rycom
Sent: Friday, October 14, 2016 1:22 PM
To: Martinez Nancy
Cc: Meredith Vlitas; Derek Andreoff; Martinez O'Brien; Derek Sullivan; Carter Rivera; Bob Vounotripidis; Lucia Connor; Mina Fusco; Madison Harrington
Subject: Re: Issue with Social WiFi at Yorkdale

Hi,

As Martinez Nancy confirmed, the number of users has gone up. We confirm that the public WiFi is back to normal. We had to contact the servier provider for them to push a firmware update on the modem. We thank you for your patience.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title

2018 Confidential
www.aislelabs.com

NYX Professional Makeup Campaign Report
April 02, 2018

2018 Confidential
www.aislelabs.com

1



Outline
1. Campaign Synopsis 

2. Performance Overview

○ Cross-Site, On-Site and In-Store Analysis 

■ Targeted 

■ Baseline, Pre-Campaign vs Campaign

■ Demographics

○ Facebook Performance Analysis

3. Key Learnings

4. Appendix

Target
Audience

Create
Campaign

Execute

Gain Analytics
& ROI

Analytics

2



Campaign Synopsis
Overview
Using Aislelabs Flow and Alslelabs Connect, the Yorkdale Shopping Centre and Scarborough Town Centre ran a highly 
targeted Facebook Audience Network display campaign during the 8 day period between March 21 – 28th, to promote NYX 
Professional products.

In this report, we analyze footfall patterns on-site coupled with online campaign performance to gain insights about target 
groups. In addition, we measure ROI using the Aislelabs Flow and Aislelabs Connect platforms.

Objectives
1. Evaluate performance of display campaign 
2. Analyse footfall patterns in-store 
3. Determine the ROI of campaign

Campaign Period: Mar 21 – 28th

Key Metrics: 
Online: Offline: ROI:
Clicks/CTR Visits/Visitors Cost
Reach Dwell Time COA/CV
Impressions New/Return Visitors ROI (%)

Assumptions
§ Assumes individuals retargeted with ads who later visited 

the store during the campaign has viewed the ad
§ Assumes a customer value ticket value of $10 per returning 

customer
3



Audience Targeting
Aislelabs Flow and Aislelabs Connect was used to segment individuals who had previously visited* the 
store or a designated health and beauty store. There were 4 target segments selected for this campaign: 

4
*Visits refers to the number of times visitors came to the specified site within the given time period. A visit starts when a visitor’s device is first detected by WiFi (must be within site for 
3 mins). Restricted to 15 miles distance from site location. 

1. Yorkdale NYX Shoppers, n= 11810

2. STC NYX Shoppers, n= 11149

3. Yorkdale Beauty Shoppers, n= 
77988

4. STC Beauty Shoppers, n= 32401

Defined as shoppers who previously visited the NYX store at Yorkdale within the last 6 
months (Sep 1, 2017 – Mar 21, 2018), and logged into the WiFi

Defined as shoppers who previously visited the NYX store at STC within the last 6 
months (Sep 1, 2017 – Mar 21, 2018), and logged into WiFi

Defined as shoppers who visited any health and beauty store (includes Aveda, Bath 
and Body works, Concept, Kiehls, L’Occitane, Lush, Mac, Sephora, TheFaceShop, 
Body Shop) in the last 6 months (Sep 1, 2017 – Mar 21, 2018), and logged into WiFi

Defined as shoppers who visited any health and beauty store (includes Bath & Body 
Works, Caryl Baker Visage, L’Occitane MAC, OROGOLD, Sephora, Body Shop, 
TheFaceShop, Trade Secrets, Yves Rocher) in the last 6 months (Sep 1, 2017 – Mar 
21, 2018), and logged into WiFi



Methodology
● Using Aislelabs Flow, we identified and segmented individuals who 

visited the NYX Professional Makeup stores and all beauty stores 
at the 2 sites: Yorkdale and STC. 

● Using Aislelabs Connect, we targeted individuals with Facebook 
accounts who connected to the mall WiFi

● Using this targeted list, we ran a paid Facebook campaign from Mar 
21-28 ending 5pm.

● Using the Aislelabs Flow and Connect dashboards, we examined 
campaign performance between sites, between segments, and 
between a 16 day period between Jan 29 – Feb 13 th and the 
campaign period for individuals visiting the NYX store at both sites.



Space Breakdown

6

NXY, located 
on LL at STC

NXY, located 
on LL at 
Yorkdale



Overall Performance Results



A total of 2,122 targeted individuals visited NYX
during the campaign period, Mar 21-28

Segment # Visitors
Targeted1

# Visitors Returning to 
Mall

# Visitors Returning to 
NYX2

Yorkdale NYX Shoppers 11,810 3,830 160

STC NYX Shoppers 11,149 313 9

Yorkdale Beauty 
Shoppers 77,988 36,544 877

STC Beauty Shoppers 32,401 28,480 1,064

TOTAL 133,348 69,167 2,122

1 Number of unique individuals who had previously visited the NYX store at the site
2 Number of targeted visitors (unique) who came back to the NYX space within the campaign period between Mar 21-28
3Store conversion is calculated as number of NYX visits divided by # of visitors targeted



The retargeting campaign cost $631.31 and 
generated an estimated value of $20,000 in total

1COA – Cost per acquisition, calculated as the total cost associated with the Facebook campaign divided by the number of unique visitors returning to the NYX store at Yorkdale Mall
2CV – Customer value is calculated as number of customers multiplied by 10.  (Assumes an average ticket value of $10 CAD per return visitor)
* Return – the return of initial marketing investment, calculated by CV-Cost/Cost

Segment Cost COA1 Total
CV2 Return*

Yorkdale NYX Shoppers $83.58 $0.52 $1,720.00 19.6

STC NYX Shoppers $69.28 $7.70 $90.00 0.3

Yorkdale Beauty 
Shoppers $261.47 $0.30 $8,770.00 32.5

STC Beauty Shoppers $216.98 $0.20 $10,640.00 48.0

TOTAL $631.31 $0.30 $21,220.00 32.6



The return was greatest for the STC Beauty 
Shoppers segment 
• Attributing an average ticket value of $10 to every returning customer, the STC Beauty Shoppers 

segment achieved an estimated customer value (CV) of over $10,000 in the 8-day campaign period 
between Mar 21-28.

$1,720.00 $90.00 

$8,770.00 
$10,640.00 

$0.00
$2,000.00
$4,000.00
$6,000.00
$8,000.00

$10,000.00
$12,000.00

Yorkdale NYX 
Shoppers

STC NYX 
Shoppers

Yorkdale Beauty 
Shoppers

STC Beauty 
Shoppers

Total CV



Facebook Performance Analysis



The Yorkdale segments were the most efficient 
targets
• Yorkdale NYX Shoppers segment had the highest CTR
• Yorkdale Beauty Shoppers segment had the lowest CPC

Customer groups Impressions Clicks Average 
CTR*(%)

Cost per Click 
($)

Total Cost

Yorkdale NYX 
Shoppers 11,247 39 0.35% $2.14 $83.58

STC NYX 
Shoppers 8,225 25 0.30% $2.77 $69.28

Yorkdale Beauty 
Shoppers 45,140 133 0.29% $1.97 $261.63

STC Beauty 
Shoppers 30,215 88 0.29% $2.47 $216.98

Total 94,827 285 0.30% $2.22 $631.47 



13

The Yorkdale segments had the highest total 
engagements and engagement rate

36

47

132

202

0 50 100 150 200 250

STC NYX Shoppers

Yorkdale NYX Shoppers

STC Beauty Shoppers

Yorkdale Beauty Shoppers

Total Engagements

Post 
Reactions

30%

Post 
Comments

0%

Post Shares
1%

Link 
Clicks
68%

Page 
Likes
1%

Ad Set Name
Engagement Rate 
(%)

Yorkdale NYX Shoppers 2.03
STC Beauty Shoppers 1.87
STC NYX Shoppers 1.53
Yorkdale Beauty Shoppers 1.51



Baseline, Pre-campaign vs Campaign



There was an increase in traffic to the NYX store at 
Yorkdale during the campaign period 

Site Period Time Total Visits to 
NYX

Average Time 
Spent

Spent Over 15 
mins (%) New Visits (%)

Yorkdale Baseline Jan	29	- Feb	5 3412 113.2 82% 21.30%

Yorkdale Pre-campaign Feb	6	- Feb	13 3117 106.4 81	% 22.9%

Yorkdale
Campaign	
Period Mar	21	- 28 3749 108.9 80% 17.30%

STC Baseline Jan	29	- Feb	5 5802 125.7 97% 12.50%

STC Pre-campaign Feb	6	- Feb	13 6237 126.8 97% 11.50%

STC
Campaign	
Period Mar	21	- 28 5357 119 97% 11.60%

• Visitors to NYX Professional increased at Yorkdale during the campaign period
• Greater percentage of return visits at Yorkdale during the campaign period



People who visited NYX during the baseline and pre-
campaign period nearly tripled during the campaign period

Site Period Dates
NYX Shoppers -

Total Return Visits* to 
NYX store

Beauty Shoppers -
Total Return Visits* to 

NYX store

Yorkdale Baseline Jan	29	- Feb	5 68 1016

Yorkdale Pre-campaign Feb	6	- Feb	13 64 878

Yorkdale Campaign	Period Mar	21	- 28 172 915

STC Baseline Jan	29	- Feb	5 13 1462

STC Pre-campaign Feb	6	- Feb	13 0 1647

STC Campaign	Period Mar	21	- 28 10 1082

* Visits refers to visits by individuals who were targeted and then went to the NYX store during the designated period



Demographics

Scarborough Town Centre NYX 
Shoppers

Yorkdale NYX Shoppers Yorkdale Beauty Shoppers

Scarborough Town 
Centre Beauty Shoppers



Key Summary

Achieved Overall High Returns
• The campaign brought an estimated value of $20,000 across all sites. 
• When examining targeted individuals, the STC Beauty Segment had the highest volume of 

customers returning to the store.

Increased Store Visits
• Yorkdale segments performed better on online metrics. 
• There was an increase of visits during the campaign period at Yorkdale, of targeted as well as 

non-targeted visitors
• In terms of in store increases, the NYX segment saw an increase that could be attributed to the 

campaign.

18



Thank you
+1 888 765 3645

contact@aislelabs.com

Thank you
+1 888 765 3645

contact@aislelabs.com

19



Appendix



Reach – the number of unique individuals who viewed an ad
Impressions – the number of times an ad is viewed
Clicks – the total number of times the ad link was clicked
Unique Clicks – the number of times the ad link was clicked by an individual
Visits – refers to number of times visitors came to the specified site within the given time period. A visit starts when a 
visitor’s device is first detected by WiFi (must be within site for 3 mins). Restricted to 15 miles distance from Yorkdale 
location
New visits – People who have never visited the Yorkdale Mall in the past year
Return visits – People who have previously visited the Yorkdale Mall or STC in the past year in the selected space
Number of targeted visitors - Number of unique individuals who had previously visited the NYX store or beauty store
Cost per acquisition (COA) - calculated as the total cost associated with the Facebook campaign divided by the number 
of unique visitors returning to the NYX store at Yorkdale Mall or Scarborough Town Center
Customer value (CV) - assumes an average ticket value of $10 CAD per visitor
Return on Investment (ROI) – is the (CV-Cost) divided by Cost multiplied by 100

Definitions

21



22

Facebook Creative 



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Yorkdale Update Hi Marco,

The area with no data that you pointed out had a sensor outage. The entire
mall network experienced an outage on November 29th, at which point we
contacted Simon Gaulin and Christian Perreault from the site team via
email. The site-wide issue resolved within a day although a set of sensors
including those in the affected area did not come online. We continued to
work with the site team to resolve the remaining outages (as of yesterday
all but 5 sensors were online again). Please see the attached document for
the complete exchange. As per the exchange, the issue was reported on
November 29th and, based on the subsequent emails, the issue for that
particular area was resolved on December 6th at which point we resumed data
collection. The attached email exchanges provide all communication and
actions we took to resolve this issue.

Regarding the area with lower visits than the surrounding areas, could you
please let me know the name of the zone in question? We will investigate
and get back to you with our findings.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Unsubscribed again Hi Mina, Claudia

Hope you had a good weekend.

We've investigated the issue of Leanne's email address being opted out, and
have come up with these findings:

-  Several campaigns had used email templates with opt-out links associated
with Leanne's email address. All the campaigns that have this issue were
uploaded via the zip upload feature. It's likely that the digital agency
Leanne worked with used an old email sent from her inbox, and used the same
links associated with that campaign to design additional emails.

- When users received these emails and clicked the opt-out link, Leanne's
email address was pre-populated in the opt-out email field. Many people
replaced this with their own email addresses, but other individuals just
opted out using the pre-populated email address. This is the likely reason
why Leanne's email was opted-out multiple times over the course of several
months.

We are suggesting several solutions for this issue:

1) We need to address individuals who may have wanted to opt-out but used
Leanne's pre-populated email instead. We can help resolve this by looking
up all users who clicked the opt-out link from these campaigns and manually
add them to the Yorkdale opt-out list.

2) Monitor any additional individuals opting out of emails using Leanne's
address moving forward, and go through the same process of adding them to
the opt out list manually.

Let me know if we're aligned on this approach. We have a call scheduled
tomorrow morning so we can discuss in further detail if anything is
unclear.

Jenn
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Issue with Social WiFi at Yorkdale Hi,

As Martinez Nancy confirmed, the number of users has gone up. We confirm
that the public WiFi is back to normal. We had to contact the servier
provider for them to push a firmware update on the modem. We thank you for
your patience.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Issue with Social WiFi at Yorkdale If anyone copied is at Yorkdale and can provide a screen capture of what
they see when connecting to the guest wifi, that would be a big help. If no
one is at the mall I will go myself as soon as I can.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: FW: FW: FW: WiFi Log In for China Group Morning Lesley,

Hope you had a great weekend. Just wanted to confirm that the updated
splash page is now live at Yorkdale. I will keep an eye on sign ins to
ensure that there are not any issue.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title

2018 Confidential
www.aislelabs.com

Yorkdale/Atelier Cologne 
Campaign Report



Outline

2

1. Executive Summary

2. Campaign Synopsis 

3. Performance Overview

1. Facebook Performance Analysis

2. Email Analysis

3. On-Site and In-Store Analysis 

4. Key Learnings

5. Appendix

Target
Audience

Create
Campaign

Execute

Gain Analytics
& ROI

Analytics



Executive Summary
Increased Store/Shopping Centre visits
• There were 50-55 individuals who viewed the Facebook ad and went specifically to the Atelier Cologne Store on the 

day of the Grand Opening.
• Approximately 2,500 people (Facebook = 1,800, Email = 658) who went to Yorkdale Shopping Centre on April 14 

were served an ad or email. 

Health & Beauty Segment
• More Health & Beauty Shoppers came back to the store on the day of the Grand Opening and the shopping centre 

over a 3 day period when compared to the Retailer Shopper audience segment. However, the conversion of store 
visits was better for Retailer Shoppers on the day of the event.

Estimated Return 
● The Facebook campaign brought an estimated value of $4,050 over a 3 day period for a $500 investment.
● The email campaign brought a roughly $750 estimated return for the 3 day period for a $0 investment.

3



Campaign Synopsis
Overview
Atelier Cologne launched a new store at Yorkdale Shopping Centre. 
Using Aislelabs Connect and Flow, the Retailer wanted to behaviourally 
target Health & Beauty Shoppers as well as an Atelier Cologne 
audience. We ran a Facebook event ad as well as an email blast for 
their grand opening.

In this report, we analyze footfall patterns on-site coupled with online 
Facebook and Email campaign performance to determine ROI.

Objectives
1. Evaluate performance of Facebook campaign 
2. Evaluate performance of email campaign
3. Analyze footfall patterns in-store on day of launch
4. Determine the ROI of campaigns

Campaign Period: April 11 – April 14

Key Metrics: 
Online: Offline: ROI:
RSVPs Visits/Visitors COA 
Reach CV
Impressions 4

Assumptions
- Assumes individuals retargeted with ads who later 

visited the store had viewed the ad

- Assumes a customer ticket value of $50 per returning 

customer



Methodology
Facebook Campaign

Using Aislelabs Flow, we behaviourally targeted individuals who 
had previously visited Yorkdale Shopping Centre with a 
Facebook event ad. We segmented these individuals by stores 
visited, based on Yorkdale’s health and beauty category and 
Atelier Cologne’s audience. Then, using Aislelabs Connect, we 
created two lists based on shoppers who had connected to the 
WiFi within these segments.

Based on these targeted lists, we executed a paid Facebook ad 
campaign from April 11 – 14th ending at 10am.

We then examined campaign performance on the day of the 
grand opening, April 14th, and 3 days post campaign using the 
Aislelabs Flow and Connect dashboards.

Email Blast

Individuals were targeted based on an email 
list provided by Oxford Properties.

Prior to delivery, the email list was validated 
and any false addresses were removed.

Using the validated list, we sent an email 
blast on April 12 at 8:30pm through Aislelabs
Connect.

We then examined campaign performance 
on the day of the grand opening, April 14th, 
and 3 days post campaign (includes April 14) 
using the Aislelabs Flow and Connect 
dashboards.



Audience Targeting

6

Aislelabs Flow and Aislelabs Connect were used to segment individuals who had previously visited* a designated 
health and beauty store or a store as defined as of interest for Atelier Cologne customers. There were 3 different 
audiences utilized for the Facebook (2) and Email (1) campaigns: 

*Visits refers to the number of times visitors came to the specified site within the given time period. A visit starts when a visitor’s device is first detected by WiFi (must be within 
site for 3 mins). Restricted to 15 miles distance from site location. 
1 This is the number of individuals identified from Aislelabs Flow/Intema. This is not the number of individuals that were then served the ad or received the email.

Tactic Audience Number 1 Definition

Fa
ce

bo
ok

Retailer Shoppers 47K
Defined as shoppers between the ages of 20-45 who visited a store of 
interest at Yorkdale (eg Holt Renfrew) within the last 6 months (Sep 9, 
2017 – Apr 9, 2018), and logged into the WiFi

Health & Beauty Shoppers 56K

Defined as shoppers between the ages of 20-45 who visited any health 
and beauty store (eg Aveda, Bath and Body works, Concept, Kiehls, 
L’Occitane, Lush, Mac, Sephora, TheFaceShop, Body Shop) in the last 
6 months (Sep 1, 2017 – Mar 21, 2018), and logged into WiFi

Em
ai

l

Atelier Cologne List 63K Provided by Oxford Properties



Facebook Audience Demographics

Retailer Shoppers

Health & Beauty 
Shoppers



Space Breakdown

8

Atelier Cologne is located in the East Expansion, 
near sites that have an average level of traffic.

The heatmap shows relative traffic to each space in  
the shopping centre. 

Darker colours indicate more traffic to the space. 



Facebook Performance



Audience Starts Ends Resulting RSVPs
(1 day attribution) Reach Impressions Cost per 

Results
Amount Spent 

(CAD)
Unique Link 

Clicks Button Clicks

Retailer 
Shoppers 2018-04-11 2018-04-14 28 7,352 15,853 $8.93 250 85 16

Health & Beauty 
Shoppers 2018-04-11 2018-04-14 41 7,230 15,127 $6.10 250 83 29

Total 69 11,612* 30,980 $7.25 500 162 45

• The Facebook campaign reached 12K individuals with nearly 31K impressions and 69 RSVPs in 3 days.

• The Health & Beauty Shopper segment performed better than the Retailer Shoppers in terms of number of total RSVPs.

Achieved nearly 70 event RSVPs in 3 days

*Note, each ad set may have had some overlap, serving the ads to some of the same individuals. The reach number is approximate. 



High rate of conversion on day of event at 77%*  

1 Number of unique individuals who had been served a Facebook ad  and connected to WiFi. 
2 Number of targeted visitors (unique) who came back to the site or space on April 14
3 Conversion is calculated as the number of visits to the store divided by number of RSVPs (28,31)
*Average conversion of both segments

Segment # Visitors
Targeted1

# Visitors 
Returning 

to Mall2

# Visitors at 
Atelier

Cologne2

Conversion3

(28,41)

Retailer Shoppers 7,352 728 24 0.85

Health & Beauty 
Shoppers 7,230 1,084 29 0.70

• There were a total of 53 visitors from the target list to the store on the day 
of the Grand Opening

• The conversion rate was higher for the Retailer Shopper segment (85% vs 
70%)

Segment # Visitors
Targeted1

# Visitors 
Returning 

to Mall2

# Visitors at 
Atelier

Cologne2

Conversion3

(28,41)

Retailer Shoppers 7,352 1,694 36 0.77

Health & Beauty 
Shoppers 7,230 2,594 45 1.09

Grand Opening 3-Day Period

• This pattern changed over a 3 day period as Health & Beauty Shoppers 
visited the site in greater numbers post-grand opening (April 15 and 16)



The ad brought in an estimated CV of $4,050 over a 
3 day period

Segment # Visitors at Atelier
Cologne COA1 Total Customer Value2

Retailer Shoppers 36 $6.94 $1,800

Health & Beauty Shoppers 45 $5.55 $2,250

TOTAL 81 $6.17 $4,050

1Cost per acquisition (COA) - calculated as the total cost associated with the Facebook campaign divided by the number of unique visitors returning to the store at the centre
2Customer value is calculated as the number fo visitors to AC over a 3 day period multiplied by $50



Email Performance



Over 98.6% of emails sent were successfully 
delivered

• The Open Rate was 7%

• The CTR is 1.2%, similar to the internal established benchmark of 1.3%

63,469 
Sent

62,567 
Delivered

4,540 
Opened

745 
Clicks



At least 15 individuals targeted via email went to 
Atelier Cologne from April 14-16

• There were roughly 658 visits from 
people on the email list to Yorkdale 
Shopping Centre on the day of the 
Grand Opening

• There were about 1,200 individuals 
on the email list who visited 
Yorkdale Shopping Centre from April 
14-16

• Note: this report does not track the 
individuals who received an email 
from Intema



Demographics of opened emails skewed 31+ yrs

Sent

Open



On-Site and In-Store Visits



A total of 460 individuals* visited the space on the 
day of the Grand Opening (April 14)

**Visitors refers to the number of individual people who came to the specified space within the given time period. 



A total of 792 individuals visited the 
Atelier Cologne store from April 14-16

460 visits

196 visits
136 visits



Overall visits on April 14th were lower compared to 
weeks prior

The number of total visits to Yorkdale was nearly 15K lower on Saturday, April 14th, when compared to the 
5 Saturdays prior. 

Note: Between April 14-16, Toronto experienced severe weather conditions



Key Summary

- Overall, the digital campaigns successfully brought in 90 individuals over a 3-day period, including the day of the Grand Opening
- The Facebook campaign brought in about 53 visitors to the store on the day of the Grand Opening (April 14), and 81 visitors from April 14-16 
- The Email campaign brought in about 7 visitors the day of the Grand Opening and 15 visitors over three days
- These campaigns brought in a total estimated value of $4,800 over a 3-day period

21

Tactic Starts Ends Spent Reach/Sent Impressions/
Delivered

Action: 
RSVPs/
Opens

Grand 
Opening 

Visitors to 
Mall

Grand 
Opening

Visitors to 
Store

3-day 
Visitors to 

Store

1-day 
COA per 

store

3-day 
COA per 

store

1-day 
Estimated 

Value*

3-day 
Estimated 

Value*

Facebook 04-11-2018 04-14-2018 $500 11.5K 31K 69 1.8K 53 81 $9.43 $6.17 $2,650 $4,050

Email 04-12-2018 04-13-2018 $0 63.5K 63K 4.5K 658 7 15 $0.00 $0.00 $350 $750

Total 04-11-2018 04-17-2018 $500 75K 90K 4.5K 2.5K 60 90 $8.33 $5.20 $3,000 $4,800

* Ticket value of $50 was used to calculate the estimated value of each visitor.



Considerations
Weather Conditions
• Between April 14-16, Toronto experienced severe weather conditions, with nearly a 15K drop of 

visits from the Saturdays in the prior weeks

Tactical Considerations
• Although email targets were skewed towards the 16-30 demographic, email campaigns were most 

frequently opened by those in the age ranges of 46+ and above. The subject line should be 
detailed and concise so that information is captured by targets who don’t open emails

22



Thank you
+1 888 765 3645

contact@aislelabs.com

Thank you
+1 888 765 3645

contact@aislelabs.com

23



Appendix



Definitions
Reach – the number of unique individuals who viewed the ad
Impressions – the number of times the ad was viewed
Clicks – the total number of times the ad link was clicked
Unique Clicks – the number of individual users who clicked the ad link
Visits – refers to number of times visitors came to the centre within the given time period. A visit starts when a visitor’s 
device is first detected by WiFi
New visits – people who have not visited the centre in the past year
Return visits – people who have previously visited the centre in the past year
Number of targeted visitors - number of unique individuals who had previously visited the target demographic stores
Cost per acquisition (COA) - calculated as the total cost associated with the Facebook campaign divided by the number 
of unique visitors returning to the store at the centre
Customer value (CV) - assumes an average ticket value of 50 CAD per visitor

25



Creative

26

Facebook 
Event Ad 

(Newsfeed)

Email 



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title

2018 Confidential
www.aislelabs.com

Yorkdale/Atelier Cologne 
Campaign Report



Outline

2

1. Executive Summary

2. Campaign Synopsis 

3. Performance Overview

1. Facebook Performance Analysis

2. Email Analysis

3. On-Site and In-Store Analysis 

4. Key Learnings

5. Appendix

Target
Audience

Create
Campaign

Execute

Gain Analytics
& ROI

Analytics



Executive Summary
Increased Store/Shopping Centre visits
• There were 50-55 individuals who viewed the Facebook ad and went specifically to the Atelier Cologne Store on the 

day of the Grand Opening.
• Approximately 2,500 people (Facebook = 1,800, Email = 658) who went to Yorkdale Shopping Centre on April 14 

were served an ad or email. 

Health & Beauty Segment
• More Health & Beauty Shoppers came back to the store on the day of the Grand Opening and the shopping centre 

over a 3 day period when compared to the Retailer Shopper audience segment. However, the conversion of store 
visits was better for Retailer Shoppers on the day of the event.

Estimated Return 
● The campaign brought an estimated value of $4,050 over a 3 day period for a $500 investment.
● The email campaign bought a roughly $750 estimated return for the 3 day period for a $0 investment.

3



Campaign Synopsis
Overview
Atelier Cologne launched a new store at Yorkdale Shopping Centre. 
Using Aislelabs Connect and Flow, the Retailer wanted to behaviourally 
target Health & Beauty Shoppers as well as an Atelier Cologne 
audience. We ran a Facebook event ad as well as an email blast for 
their grand opening promotion.

In this report, we analyze footfall patterns on-site coupled with online 
Facebook and Email campaign performance to determine ROI.

Objectives
1. Evaluate performance of Facebook campaign 
2. Evaluate performance of email campaign
3. Analyze footfall patterns in-store on day of launch
4. Determine the ROI of campaigns

Campaign Period: April 11 – April 14

Key Metrics: 
Online: Offline: ROI:
RSVPs Visits/Visitors COA 
Reach CV
Impressions 4

Assumptions
- Assumes individuals retargeted with ads who later 
visited the store had viewed the ad

- Assumes a customer ticket value of $50 per returning 
customer



Audience Targeting

5

Aislelabs Flow and Aislelabs Connect were used to segment individuals who had previously visited* a designated 
health and beauty store or a store as defined as of interest for Atelier Cologne customers. There were 3 different 
audiences utilized for the Facebook (2) and Email (1) campaigns: 

*Visits refers to the number of times visitors came to the specified site within the given time period. A visit starts when a visitor’s device is first detected by WiFi (must be within 
site for 3 mins). Restricted to 15 miles distance from site location. 
1 This is the number of individuals identified from Aislelabs Flow/Intema. This is not the number of individuals that were then served the ad or received the email.

Tactic Audience Number 1 Definition

Fa
ce

bo
ok

Retailer Shoppers 47K
Defined as shoppers between the ages of 20-45 who visited a store of 
interest at Yorkdale (eg Holt Renfrew) within the last 6 months (Sep 9, 
2017 – Apr 9, 2018), and logged into the WiFi

Health & Beauty Shoppers 56K

Defined as shoppers between the ages of 20-45 who visited any health 
and beauty store (eg Aveda, Bath and Body works, Concept, Kiehls, 
L’Occitane, Lush, Mac, Sephora, TheFaceShop, Body Shop) in the last 
6 months (Sep 1, 2017 – Mar 21, 2018), and logged into WiFi

Em
ai

l

Atelier Cologne List 63K Provided by Oxford Properties



Facebook Audience Demographics

Retailer Shoppers

Health & Beauty 
Shoppers



Methodology
Facebook Campaign

Using Aislelabs Flow, we behaviourally targeted individuals who 
had previously visited Yorkdale Shopping Centre with a 
Facebook event ad. We segmented these individuals by stores 
visited, based on Yorkdale’s health and beauty category and 
Atelier Cologne’s audience. Then, using Aislelabs Connect, we 
created two lists based on shoppers who had connected to the 
WiFi within these segments.

Based on these targeted lists, we executed a paid Facebook ad 
campaign from April 11 – 14th ending at 10am.

We then examined campaign performance on the day of the 
grand opening, April 14th, and 3 days post campaign using the 
Aislelabs Flow and Connect dashboards.

Email Blast

Individuals were targeted based on an email 
list provided by Oxford Properties.

Prior to delivery, the email list was validated 
and any false addresses were removed.

Using the validated list, we sent an email 
blast on April 12 at 8:30pm through Aislelabs
Connect.

We then examined campaign performance 
on the day of the grand opening, April 14th, 
and 3 days post campaign using the 
Aislelabs Flow and Connect dashboards.



Space Breakdown

8

Atelier Cologne is located in the East Expansion, 
near sites that have an average level of traffic.

The heatmap shows relative traffic to each space in  
the shopping centre. 

Darker colours indicate more traffic to the space. 



Facebook Performance



Audience Starts Ends Resulting RSVPs
(1 day attribution) Reach Impressions Cost per 

Results
Amount Spent 

(CAD)
Unique Link 

Clicks Button Clicks

Retailer 
Shoppers 2018-04-11 2018-04-14 28 7,352 15,853 $8.93 250 85 16

Health & Beauty 
Shoppers 2018-04-11 2018-04-14 41 7,230 15,127 $6.10 250 83 29

Total 69 11,612* 30,980 $7.25 500 162 45

• The Facebook campaign reached 12K individuals with nearly 31K impressions and 69 RSVPs in 3 days.

• The Health & Beauty Shopper segment performed better than the Retailer Shoppers in terms of number of total RSVPs.

Achieved nearly 70 event RSVPs in 3 days

*Note, each ad set may have had some overlap, serving the ads to some of the same individuals. The reach number is approximate. 



High rate of conversion on day of event at 77%*  

1 Number of unique individuals who had been served a Facebook ad  and connected to WiFi. 
2 Number of targeted visitors (unique) who came back to the site or space on April 14
3 Conversion is calculated as the number of visits to the store divided by number of RSVPs (28,31)
*Average conversion of both segments

Segment # Visitors
Targeted1

# Visitors 
Returning 

to Mall2

# Visitors at 
Atelier

Cologne2

Conversion3

(28,31)

Retailer Shoppers 7,352 728 24 0.85

Health & Beauty 
Shoppers 7,230 1,084 29 0.70

• There were a total of 53 visitors from the target list to the store on the day 
of the Grand Opening

• The conversion rate was higher for the Retailer Shopper segment (85% vs 
70%)

Segment # Visitors
Targeted1

# Visitors 
Returning 

to Mall2

# Visitors at 
Atelier

Cologne2

Conversion3

(28,31)

Retailer Shoppers 7,352 1,694 36 0.77

Health & Beauty 
Shoppers 7,230 2,594 45 1.09

Grand Opening 3-Day Period

• This pattern changed over a 3 day period as Health & Beauty Shoppers 
visited the site in greater numbers post-grand opening (April 15 and 16)



The ad brought in an estimated CV of $4,050 over a 
3 day period

Segment # Visitors at Atelier
Cologne COA1 Total Customer Value2

Retailer Shoppers 36 $6.94 $1,800

Health & Beauty Shoppers 45 $5.55 $2,250

TOTAL 81 $6.17 $4,050

1Cost per acquisition (COA) - calculated as the total cost associated with the Facebook campaign divided by the number of unique visitors returning to the store at the centre
2Customer value is calculated as the number fo visitors to AC over a 3 day period multiplied by $50



Email Performance



Over 98.6% of emails sent were successfully 
delivered

• The Open Rate was 7%

• The CTR is 1.2%, similar to the internal established benchmark of 1.3%

63,469 
Sent

62,567 
Delivered

4,540 
Opened

745 
Clicks



At least 15 individuals targeted via email went to 
Atelier Cologne from April 14-16

• There were roughly 658 visits from 
people on the email list to Yorkdale 
Shopping Centre on the day of the 
Grand Opening

• There were about 1,200 individuals 
on the email list who visited 
Yorkdale Shopping Centre from April 
14-16

• Note: this report does not track the 
individuals who received an email 
from Intema



Demographics of opened emails skewed 31+ yrs

Sent

Open



On-Site and In-Store Visits



A total of 460 individuals* visited the space on the 
day of the Grand Opening (April 14)

**Visitors refers to the number of individual people who came to the specified space within the given time period. 



A total of 792 individuals visited the 
Atelier Cologne store from April 14-16

460 visits

196 visits
136 visits



Overall visits on April 14th were lower compared to 
weeks prior

The number of total visits to Yorkdale was nearly 15K lower on Saturday, April 14th, when compared to the 
5 Saturdays prior. 

Note: Between April 14-16, Toronto experienced severe weather conditions



Key Summary

- Overall, the digital campaigns successfully brought in 90 individuals over a 3-day period, including the day of the Grand Opening
- The Facebook campaign brought in about 53 visitors to the store on the day of the Grand Opening (April 14), and 81 visitors from April 14-16 
- The Email campaign brought in about 7 visitors the day of the Grand Opening and 15 visitors over three days
- These campaigns brought in a total estimated value of $4,800 over a 3-day period

21

Tactic Starts Ends Spent Reach/Sent Impressions/
Delivered

Action: 
RSVPs/
Opens

Grand 
Opening 

Visitors to 
Mall

Grand 
Opening

Visitors to 
Store

3-day 
Visitors to 

Store

1-day 
COA per 

store

3-day 
COA per 

store

1-day 
Estimated 

Value*

3-day 
Estimated 

Value*

Facebook 04-11-2018 04-14-2018 $500 11.5K 31K 69 1.8K 53 81 $9.43 $6.17 $2,650 $4,050

Email 04-12-2018 04-13-2018 $0 63.5K 63K 4.5K 658 7 15 $0.00 $0.00 $350 $750

Total 04-11-2018 04-17-2018 $500 75K 90K 4.5K 2.5K 60 90 $8.33 $5.20 $3,000 $4,800

* Ticket value of $50 was used to calculate the estimated value of each visitor.



Considerations
Weather Conditions
• Between April 14-16, Toronto experienced severe weather conditions, with nearly a 15K drop of 

visits from the Saturdays in the prior weeks

Tactical Considerations
• Although email targets were skewed towards the 16-30 demographic, email campaigns were most 

frequently opened by those in the age ranges of 46+ and above. The subject line should be 
detailed and concise so that information is captured by targets who don’t open emails

22



Thank you
+1 888 765 3645

contact@aislelabs.com

Thank you
+1 888 765 3645

contact@aislelabs.com

23



Appendix



Definitions
Reach – the number of unique individuals who viewed the ad
Impressions – the number of times the ad was viewed
Clicks – the total number of times the ad link was clicked
Unique Clicks – the number of individual users who clicked the ad link
Visits – refers to number of times visitors came to the centre within the given time period. A visit starts when a visitor’s 
device is first detected by WiFi
New visits – people who have not visited the centre in the past year
Return visits – people who have previously visited the centre in the past year
Number of targeted visitors - number of unique individuals who had previously visited the target demographic stores
Cost per acquisition (COA) - calculated as the total cost associated with the Facebook campaign divided by the number 
of unique visitors returning to the store at the centre
Customer value (CV) - assumes an average ticket value of 50 CAD per visitor

25



Creative

26

Facebook 
Event Ad 

(Newsfeed)

Email 



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title

2018 Confidential
www.aislelabs.com

Yorkdale/Atelier Cologne 
Campaign Report



Outline

2

1. Executive Summary

2. Campaign Synopsis 

3. Performance Overview

1. Facebook Performance Analysis

2. Email Analysis

3. On-Site and In-Store Analysis 

4. Key Learnings

5. Appendix

Target
Audience

Create
Campaign

Execute

Gain Analytics
& ROI

Analytics



Executive Summary
Increased Store/Shopping Centre visits
• There were 50-55 individuals who viewed the Facebook ad and went specifically to the Atelier Cologne Store on the 

day of the Grand Opening.
• Approximately 2,500 people (Facebook = 1,800, Email = 658) who went to Yorkdale Shopping Centre on April 14 

were served an ad or email. 

Health & Beauty Segment
• More Health & Beauty Shoppers came back to the store on the day of the Grand Opening and the shopping centre 

over a 3 day period when compared to the Retailer Shopper audience segment. However, the conversion of store 
visits was better for Retailer Shoppers on the day of the event.

Estimated Return 
● The campaign brought an estimated value of $4,050 over a 3 day period for a $500 investment.
● The email campaign bought a roughly $750 estimated return for the 3 day period for a $0 investment.

3



Campaign Synopsis
Overview
Atelier Cologne launched a new store at Yorkdale Shopping Centre. 
Using Aislelabs Connect and Flow, the Retailer wanted to behaviourally 
target Health & Beauty Shoppers as well as an Atelier Cologne 
audience. We ran a Facebook event ad as well as an email blast for 
their grand opening promotion.

In this report, we analyze footfall patterns on-site coupled with online 
Facebook and Email campaign performance to determine ROI.

Objectives
1. Evaluate performance of Facebook campaign 
2. Evaluate performance of email campaign
3. Analyze footfall patterns in-store on day of launch
4. Determine the ROI of campaigns

Campaign Period: April 11 – April 14

Key Metrics: 
Online: Offline: ROI:
RSVPs Visits/Visitors COA 
Reach CV
Impressions 4

Assumptions
- Assumes individuals retargeted with ads who later 
visited the store had viewed the ad

- Assumes a customer ticket value of $50 per returning 
customer



Audience Targeting

5

Aislelabs Flow and Aislelabs Connect were used to segment individuals who had previously visited* a designated 
health and beauty store or a store as defined as of interest for Atelier Cologne customers. There were 3 different 
audiences utilized for the Facebook (2) and Email (1) campaigns: 

*Visits refers to the number of times visitors came to the specified site within the given time period. A visit starts when a visitor’s device is first detected by WiFi (must be within 
site for 3 mins). Restricted to 15 miles distance from site location. 
1 This is the number of individuals identified from Aislelabs Flow/Intema. This is not the number of individuals that were then served the ad or received the email.

Tactic Audience Number 1 Definition

Fa
ce

bo
ok

Retailer Shoppers 47K
Defined as shoppers between the ages of 20-45 who visited a store of 
interest at Yorkdale (eg Holt Renfrew) within the last 6 months (Sep 9, 
2017 – Apr 9, 2018), and logged into the WiFi

Health & Beauty Shoppers 56K

Defined as shoppers between the ages of 20-45 who visited any health 
and beauty store (eg Aveda, Bath and Body works, Concept, Kiehls, 
L’Occitane, Lush, Mac, Sephora, TheFaceShop, Body Shop) in the last 
6 months (Sep 1, 2017 – Mar 21, 2018), and logged into WiFi

Em
ai

l

Atelier Cologne List 63K Provided by Oxford Properties



Facebook Audience Demographics

Retailer Shoppers

Health & Beauty 
Shoppers



Methodology
Facebook Campaign

Using Aislelabs Flow, we behaviourally targeted individuals who 
had previously visited Yorkdale Shopping Centre with a 
Facebook event ad. We segmented these individuals by stores 
visited, based on Yorkdale’s health and beauty category and 
Atelier Cologne’s audience. Then, using Aislelabs Connect, we 
created two lists based on shoppers who had connected to the 
WiFi within these segments.

Based on these targeted lists, we executed a paid Facebook ad 
campaign from April 11 – 14th ending at 10am.

We then examined campaign performance on the day of the 
grand opening, April 14th, and 3 days post campaign using the 
Aislelabs Flow and Connect dashboards.

Email Blast

Individuals were targeted based on an email 
list provided by Oxford Properties.

Prior to delivery, the email list was validated 
and any false addresses were removed.

Using the validated list, we sent an email 
blast on April 12 at 8:30pm through Aislelabs
Connect.

We then examined campaign performance 
on the day of the grand opening, April 14th, 
and 3 days post campaign using the 
Aislelabs Flow and Connect dashboards.



Space Breakdown

8

Atelier Cologne is located in the East Expansion, 
near sites that have an average level of traffic.

The heatmap shows relative traffic to each space in  
the shopping centre. 

Darker colours indicate more traffic to the space. 



Facebook Performance



Audience Starts Ends Resulting RSVPs
(1 day attribution) Reach Impressions Cost per 

Results
Amount Spent 

(CAD)
Unique Link 

Clicks Button Clicks

Retailer 
Shoppers 2018-04-11 2018-04-14 28 7,352 15,853 $8.93 250 85 16

Health & Beauty 
Shoppers 2018-04-11 2018-04-14 41 7,230 15,127 $6.10 250 83 29

Total 69 11,612* 30,980 $7.25 500 162 45

• The Facebook campaign reached 12K individuals with nearly 31K impressions and 69 RSVPs in 3 days.

• The Health & Beauty Shopper segment performed better than the Retailer Shoppers in terms of number of total RSVPs.

Achieved nearly 70 event RSVPs in 3 days

*Note, each ad set may have had some overlap, serving the ads to some of the same individuals. The reach number is approximate. 



High rate of conversion on day of event at 77%*  

1 Number of unique individuals who had been served a Facebook ad  and connected to WiFi. 
2 Number of targeted visitors (unique) who came back to the site or space on April 14
3 Conversion is calculated as the number of visits to the store divided by number of RSVPs (28,31)
*Average conversion of both segments

Segment # Visitors
Targeted1

# Visitors 
Returning 

to Mall2

# Visitors at 
Atelier

Cologne2

Conversion3

(28,31)

Retailer Shoppers 7,352 728 24 0.85

Health & Beauty 
Shoppers 7,230 1,084 29 0.70

• There were a total of 53 visitors from the target list to the store on the day 
of the Grand Opening

• The conversion rate was higher for the Retailer Shopper segment (85% vs 
70%)

Segment # Visitors
Targeted1

# Visitors 
Returning 

to Mall2

# Visitors at 
Atelier

Cologne2

Conversion3

(28,31)

Retailer Shoppers 7,352 1,694 36 0.77

Health & Beauty 
Shoppers 7,230 2,594 45 1.09

Grand Opening 3-Day Period

• This pattern changed over a 3 day period as Health & Beauty Shoppers 
visited the site in greater numbers post-grand opening (April 15 and 16)



The ad brought in an estimated CV of $4,050 over a 
3 day period

Segment # Visitors at Atelier
Cologne COA1 Total Customer Value2

Retailer Shoppers 36 $6.94 $1,800

Health & Beauty Shoppers 45 $5.55 $2,250

TOTAL 81 $6.17 $4,050

1Cost per acquisition (COA) - calculated as the total cost associated with the Facebook campaign divided by the number of unique visitors returning to the store at the centre
2Customer value is calculated as the number fo visitors to AC over a 3 day period multiplied by $50



Email Performance



Over 98.6% of emails sent were successfully 
delivered

• The Open Rate was 7%

• The CTR is 1.2%, similar to the internal established benchmark of 1.3%

63,469 
Sent

62,567 
Delivered

4,540 
Opened

745 
Clicks



At least 15 individuals targeted via email went to 
Atelier Cologne from April 14-16

• There were roughly 658 visits from 
people on the email list to Yorkdale 
Shopping Centre on the day of the 
Grand Opening

• There were about 1,200 individuals 
on the email list who visited 
Yorkdale Shopping Centre from April 
14-16

• Note: this report does not track the 
individuals who received an email 
from Intema



Demographics of opened emails skewed 31+ yrs

Sent

Open



On-Site and In-Store Visits



A total of 460 individuals* visited the space on the 
day of the Grand Opening (April 14)

**Visitors refers to the number of individual people who came to the specified space within the given time period. 



A total of 792 individuals visited the 
Atelier Cologne store from April 14-16

460 visits

196 visits
136 visits



Overall visits on April 14th were lower compared to 
weeks prior

The number of total visits to Yorkdale was nearly 15K lower on Saturday, April 14th, when compared to the 
5 Saturdays prior. 

Note: Between April 14-16, Toronto experienced severe weather conditions



Key Summary

- Overall, the digital campaigns successfully brought in 90 individuals over a 3-day period, including the day of the Grand Opening
- The Facebook campaign brought in about 53 visitors to the store on the day of the Grand Opening (April 14), and 81 visitors from April 14-16 
- The Email campaign brought in about 7 visitors the day of the Grand Opening and 15 visitors over three days
- These campaigns brought in a total estimated value of $4,800 over a 3-day period

21

Tactic Starts Ends Spent Reach/Sent Impressions/
Delivered

Action: 
RSVPs/
Opens

Grand 
Opening 

Visitors to 
Mall

Grand 
Opening

Visitors to 
Store

3-day 
Visitors to 

Store

1-day 
COA per 

store

3-day 
COA per 

store

1-day 
Estimated 

Value*

3-day 
Estimated 

Value*

Facebook 04-11-2018 04-14-2018 $500 11.5K 31K 69 1.8K 53 81 $9.43 $6.17 $2,650 $4,050

Email 04-12-2018 04-13-2018 $0 63.5K 63K 4.5K 658 7 15 $0.00 $0.00 $350 $750

Total 04-11-2018 04-17-2018 $500 75K 90K 4.5K 2.5K 60 90 $8.33 $5.20 $3,000 $4,800

* Ticket value of $50 was used to calculate the estimated value of each visitor.



Considerations
Weather Conditions
• Between April 14-16, Toronto experienced severe weather conditions, with nearly a 15K drop of 

visits from the Saturdays in the prior weeks

Tactical Considerations
• Although email targets were skewed towards the 16-30 demographic, email campaigns were most 

frequently opened by those in the age ranges of 46+ and above. The subject line should be 
detailed and concise so that information is captured by targets who don’t open emails

22



Thank you
+1 888 765 3645

contact@aislelabs.com

Thank you
+1 888 765 3645

contact@aislelabs.com

23



Appendix



Definitions
Reach – the number of unique individuals who viewed the ad
Impressions – the number of times the ad was viewed
Clicks – the total number of times the ad link was clicked
Unique Clicks – the number of individual users who clicked the ad link
Visits – refers to number of times visitors came to the centre within the given time period. A visit starts when a visitor’s 
device is first detected by WiFi
New visits – people who have not visited the centre in the past year
Return visits – people who have previously visited the centre in the past year
Number of targeted visitors - number of unique individuals who had previously visited the target demographic stores
Cost per acquisition (COA) - calculated as the total cost associated with the Facebook campaign divided by the number 
of unique visitors returning to the store at the centre
Customer value (CV) - assumes an average ticket value of 50 CAD per visitor

25



Creative

26

Facebook 
Event Ad 

(Newsfeed)

Email 



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Oxford/gtbcorps Meeting Updates: 9th Feb Hi Marco, Lauren, Manil,

Here are the takeaways from the meeting today. You will also get a *separate
email from me on your meeting preparation for the Tuesday*.

*Product Update - Space Occupancy Page*
You now have access to this page. It can show the number of people in a
space at a given time point.

*Product Update - **Entrance Report*
This page access is also provided, but it is still in active development

*Product Update - Design and Aesthetics*
We will update in next 3-4 weeks as this activity completes

*Product Updates - Others*

- Updated filtering capability with lot more boolean functionality and
exclude feature
- View list of spaces and filter by type (stores) and categories
- Affinity numbers added to the cross-shop numbers in Space Report
- Floor plans and maps updated to the new white ones


*More Malls - STC, UCM, SQ1, and Southcenter:*
Calibration underway, with an expected delivery date by end of Feb. Square
One to be janety in March. We plan to complete Southcenter in April, let me
know if this is okay.

*Yorkdale - Cheesecake Factory:*
The issue of low visits was resolved. We propose that we should apply this
type of filter to all store entrance spaces if the Oxford team agrees. We
will discuss further at our next meeting.

*Yorkdale - **Mulberry and other new stores:*
Mulberry is noted as a problem store. We will need to calibrate Moose
Knuckle. Mohannad will reach out next week to create a plan.

*Yourkdale - Emerald Court:*
You will get an update on Monday on this issue.

*Store Categories*
I believe you had sent Mohannad store categories for 65 stores which are
aljanety applied. Please send for the rest of the stores and we will make
the setting update.

*STC Cleaning Carts*
We will for the time being ask the property to wait until the current
dashboard changes complete (over next 2-3 months) and revisit this at that
time.

*Product - Page Load Time*
We will provide an update every 4 weeks to improve page load times.

*Product **API Updates - Ordered Visits*
We will discuss in one of our next meetings to set a timeline for request
from Manil to add the order of space visits in the API.

*Data Lake Initiative*
We will wait for requests if any for data for the pilot you will be
conducting. As we discussed, each of the sensors collects around 1,700
pings per hours. This makes for 15 million daily pings from Yorkdale alone.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Yorkdale Data Hi Martinez,

Okay sounds good. The social wifi (second link) is taking a while but working as you mentioned. I can’t load the space rankings on the regular flow or beta though, it still gives me the errors.

Lauren

From: Martinez Nancy [mailto:martinez@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: Thursday, March 17, 2016 1:04 PM
To: Lauren Blumberger
Subject: Re: Yorkdale Data

I tried both and experienced a longer loading time but didn't get the 404 errors. The issue seems to simply be the large amount of data being queried.

There have been some recent upgrades to the platform that haven't been pushed to the production servers yet, so you should be able to load the first link on beta: https://beta.gtbcorp.com/o/?tab=SPACECOMPARE&tdid=456&smid=24193740&emid=24238379&stime=0_00&etime=23_59&<https://flow.gtbcorp.com/o/?tab=SPACECOMPARE&tdid=456&smid=24193740&emid=24238379&stime=0_00&etime=23_59&>

The second link will take a long time to load no matter what you do. The link between Social WiFi and Flow is new, so the filter algorithms are not optimized yet. I would suggest loading shorter date ranges and, if you're not aljanety, using Chrome or Firefox.

I've passed your issue on to the engineers. If the cause is here on the back end, I will let you know when there is a fix.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Surveys/Social Wifi Data Do you know why no emails were sent to Upper Canada Mall wi-fi users from May 1 – May 7? I remember there was an issue with Hillcrest’s email link but I thought this didn’t have an impact on UCM…

Lauren Blumberger – Analyst, Asset Research
Oxford Properties Group | Tel: (416) 865-2391 | Cell: (647) 669-8415
Royal Bank Plaza, North Tower
200 Bay Street, Suite 900 | Toronto, Ontario  M5J 2J2
lblumberger@oxfordproperties.com<mailto:lblumberger@oxfordproperties.com> | www.oxfordproperties.com<http://www.oxfordproperties.com/>


From: Martinez Nancy [mailto:martinez@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: Thursday, August 24, 2017 4:00 PM
To: Lauren Blumberger
Subject: Re: Surveys/Social Wifi Data

Can you check that there is a WiFi Network selected when you navigate to the page (see image below)? If not, please select "Yorkdale with editor". Let me know if that resolves the issue!

Martinez

[Inline image 1]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Yorkdale numbers Hi Martinez,

I see the addition of the minimum time spent filter on the Cross Space chart in the space report, can we apply this filter to the entire report? As an example, a team was interested in seeing what the average dwell time and dwell time breakdown was for a space when removing those who had been detected less than 5 minutes. It will be helpful to have this filter on the visit report page as well.

Multiple Visits (Space Report) – add the question mark to define this metric. I know it seems intuitive but people still ask about the time period this if for.

FYI - we had a lot of technical difficulties during the off-site. Not sure if it was due to many people logging in through one username but there was a few groups who got the “something went wrong error” and couldn’t access any data. They were logging out and logging back in and still getting the error. Using my personal login I have also received this error today.

Lauren Blumberger, Analyst – Analytics, Insights & Innovation
Oxford Properties Group | Tel: (416) 865-2391 | Cell: (647) 669-8415
100 Adelaide Street W., Suite 900
Toronto, ON  M5H 0E2
lblumberger@oxfordproperties.com<mailto:lblumberger@oxfordproperties.com> | www.oxfordproperties.com<http://www.oxfordproperties.com/>

From: Martinez Nancy [mailto:martinez@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: May-09-18 10:28 AM
To: Lauren Blumberger
Cc: Manil Wagle; Marco Biasiotto
Subject: Re: Yorkdale numbers

Hi Lauren,

Here is the short list of current activities on our end related to Oxford:

*   The anchor report is undergoing final updates before being released to you for review. Expect to have access before the end of next week.
*   Carter is currently compijaime all relevant API details for your review and to kick off the development discussion. He should have that prepored for you by the end of this week.
*   We have moved your user accounts to the updated Southcentre dashboard. We are performing final reviews on it but would appreciate your feedback as well. Once we have your approval we will move the site user accounts as well.
Can you give me some details on exactly what the teams at the off-site were hoping to accomplish with the dwell time filters? If you can provide more detail on the use case and the desired functionality I will make sure those needs are communicated to the development team immediately.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title

2018 Confidential
www.aislelabs.com

NYX Professional Makeup Campaign Report
March 28th, 2018

2018 Confidential
www.aislelabs.com

1



Outline
1. Campaign Synopsis 

2. Performance Overview

○ Cross-Site, On-Site and In-Store Analysis 

■ Targeted 

■ Pre-Campaign vs Campaign

■ Demographics

○ Facebook Performance Analysis

3. Key Learnings

4. Appendix

Target
Audience

Create
Campaign

Execute

Gain Analytics
& ROI

Analytics

2



Campaign Synopsis
Overview
Using Aislelabs Flow and Alslelabs Connect, the Yorkdale Shopping Centre and Scarborough Town Centre ran a highly 
targeted Facebook Audience Network display campaign during the 8 day period between March 21 – 28th, to promote NYX 
Professional products.

In this report, we analyze footfall patterns on-site coupled with online campaign performance to gain insights about target 
groups. In addition, we measure ROI using the Aislelabs Flow and Aislelabs Connect platforms.

Objectives
1. Evaluate performance of display campaign 
2. Analyse footfall patterns in-store 
3. Determine the ROI of campaign

Campaign Period: Mar 21 – 28th

Key Metrics: 
Online: Offline: ROI:
Clicks/CTR Visits/Visitors Cost
Reach Dwell Time COA/CV
Impressions New/Return Visitors ROI (%)

Assumptions
§ Assumes individuals retargeted with ads who later visited 

the store during the campaign has viewed the ad
§ Assumes a customer value ticket value of $10 per returning 

customer
3



Audience Targeting
Aislelabs Flow and Aislelabs Connect was used to segment individuals who had previously visited* the 
store or a designated health and beauty store. There were 4 target segments selected for this campaign: 

4
*Visits refers to the number of times visitors came to the specified site within the given time period. A visit starts when a visitor’s device is first detected by WiFi (must be within site for 
3 mins). Restricted to 15 miles distance from site location. 

1. Yorkdale NYX Shoppers, n= 11810

2. STC NYX Shoppers, n= 11149

3. Yorkdale Beauty Shoppers, n= 
77988

4. STC Beauty Shoppers, n= 32401

Defined as shoppers who previously visited the NYX store at Yorkdale within the last 6 
months (Sep 1, 2017 – Mar 21, 2018), and logged into the WiFi

Defined as shoppers who previously visited the NYX store at STC within the last 6 
months (Sep 1, 2017 – Mar 21, 2018), and logged into WiFi

Defined as shoppers who visited any health and beauty store (includes Aveda, Bath 
and Body works, Concept, Kiehls, L’Occitane, Lush, Mac, Sephora, TheFaceShop, 
Body Shop) in the last 6 months (Sep 1, 2017 – Mar 21, 2018), and logged into WiFi

Defined as shoppers who visited any health and beauty store (includes Bath & Body 
Works, Caryl Baker Visage, L’Occitane MAC, OROGOLD, Sephora, Body Shop, 
TheFaceShop, Trade Secrets, Yves Rocher) in the last 6 months (Sep 1, 2017 – Mar 
21, 2018), and logged into WiFi



Methodology
● Using Aislelabs Flow, we identified and segmented individuals who 

visited the NYX Professional Makeup stores and all beauty stores 
at the 2 sites: Yorkdale and STC. 

● Using Aislelabs Connect, we targeted individuals with Facebook 
accounts who connected to the mall WiFi

● Using this targeted list, we ran a paid Facebook campaign from Mar 
21-28 ending 5pm.

● Using the Aislelabs Flow and Connect dashboards, we examined 
campaign performance between sites, between segments, and 
between a 16 day period between Jan 29 – Feb 13 th and the 
campaign period for individuals visiting the NYX store at both sites.



Space Breakdown

6

NXY, located 
on LL at STC

NXY, located 
on LL at 
Yorkdale



Overall Performance Results



A total of 2,122 targeted individuals visited NYX
during the campaign period, Mar 21-28

Segment # Visitors
Targeted1

# Visitors Returning to 
Mall

# Visitors Returning 
to NYX2

Yorkdale NYX Shoppers 11,810 3,830 160

STC NYX Shoppers 11,149 313 9

Yorkdale Beauty Shoppers 77,988 36,544 877

STC Beauty Shoppers 32,401 28,480 1,064

TOTAL 133,348 69,167 2,122
1 Number of unique individuals who had previously visited the NYX store at the site
2 Number of targeted visitors (unique) who came back to the NYX space within the campaign period between Mar 21-28
3Store conversion is calculated as number of NYX visits divided by # of visitors targeted



The retargeting campaign cost $631.31 and 
generated an estimated value of $20,000 in total

1COA – Cost per acquisition, calculated as the total cost associated with the Facebook campaign divided by the number of unique visitors returning to the NYX store at Yorkdale Mall
2CV – Customer value is calculated as number of customers multiplied by 10.  (Assumes an average ticket value of $10 CAD per return visitor)
* Return – the return of initial marketing investment, calculated by CV-Cost/Cost

Segment Cost COA1 Total
CV2 Return*

Yorkdale NYX Shoppers $83.58 $0.52 $1,720.00 19.6

STC NYX Shoppers $69.28 $7.70 $90.00 0.3

Yorkdale Beauty 
Shoppers $261.47 $0.30 $8,770.00 32.5

STC Beauty Shoppers $216.98 $0.20 $10,640.00 48.0

TOTAL $631.31 $0.30 $21,220.00 32.6



The return was greatest for the STC Beauty 
Shoppers segment 
• Attributing an average ticket value of $10 to every returning customer, the STC Beauty Shoppers 

segment achieved an estimated customer value (CV) of over $10,000 in the 8-day campaign period 
between Mar 21-28.

$1,720.00 $90.00 

$8,770.00 
$10,640.00 

$0.00
$2,000.00
$4,000.00
$6,000.00
$8,000.00

$10,000.00
$12,000.00

Yorkdale NYX 
Shoppers

STC NYX 
Shoppers

Yorkdale Beauty 
Shoppers

STC Beauty 
Shoppers

Total CV



Baseline, Pre-campaign vs Campaign



There was an overall increase in traffic to the NYX 
store during the campaign period

Site Period Time Total Visits to 
NYX

Average Time 
Spent

Spent Over 15 
mins (%) New Visits (%)

Yorkdale Baseline Jan	29	- Feb	5 3412 113.2 82% 21.30%

Yorkdale Pre-campaign Feb	6	- Feb	13 3117 106.4 81	% 22.9%

Yorkdale
Campaign	
Period Mar	21	- 28 3749 108.9 80% 17.30%

STC Baseline Jan	29	- Feb	5 5802 125.7 97% 12.50%

STC Pre-campaign Feb	6	- Feb	13 6237 126.8 97% 11.50%

STC
Campaign	
Period Mar	21	- 28 5357 119 97% 11.60%

• Visitors to NYX Professional increased across sites during the campaign period
• Greater percentage of return visits at Yorkdale during the campaign period



When examining the sites and segments over periods, the 
NYX Store saw a greater number of NYX Shoppers who 
returned to the space during the campaign period.

Site Period Dates
NYX Shoppers -

Total Return Visits* to 
NYX store

Beauty Shoppers -
Total Return Visits* to 

NYX store

Yorkdale Baseline Jan	29	- Feb	5 68 1016

Yorkdale Pre-campaign Feb	6	- Feb	13 64 878

Yorkdale Campaign	Period Mar	21	- 28 172 915

STC Baseline Jan	29	- Feb	5 13 1462

STC Pre-campaign Feb	6	- Feb	13 0 1647

STC Campaign	Period Mar	21	- 28 10 1082

* Visits refers to visits by individuals who were targeted and then went to the NYX store during the designated period



Facebook Performance Analysis



The Yorkdale segments were the most efficient 
targets
• Yorkdale NYX Shoppers segment had the highest CTR
• Yorkdale Beauty Shoppers segment had the lowest CPC

Customer groups Impressions Clicks Average 
CTR*(%)

Cost per Click 
($)

Total Cost

Yorkdale NYX 
Shoppers 11,247 39 0.35% $2.14 $83.58

STC NYX 
Shoppers 8,225 25 0.30% $2.77 $69.28

Yorkdale Beauty 
Shoppers 45,140 133 0.29% $1.97 $261.63

STC Beauty 
Shoppers 30,215 88 0.29% $2.47 $216.98

Total 94,827 285 0.30% $2.22 $631.47 



Key Summary

Achieved Overall High Returns
• The campaign brought an estimated value of $20,000 across all sites. 
• All Health & Beauty Shopper segments across sites achieved greater returns than the micro-

targeted NYX segments.

Increased Store Visits
• There was an overall increase of visits of visits during the campaign period, this could be a 

result of spill over effects of the campaign 

16



Thank you
+1 888 765 3645

contact@aislelabs.com

Thank you
+1 888 765 3645

contact@aislelabs.com

17



Appendix



Reach – the number of unique individuals who viewed an ad
Impressions – the number of times an ad is viewed
Clicks – the total number of times the ad link was clicked
Unique Clicks – the number of times the ad link was clicked by an individual
Visits – refers to number of times visitors came to the specified site within the given time period. A visit starts when a 
visitor’s device is first detected by WiFi (must be within site for 3 mins). Restricted to 15 miles distance from Yorkdale 
location
New visits – People who have never visited the Yorkdale Mall in the past year
Return visits – People who have previously visited the Yorkdale Mall in the past year
Number of targeted visitors - Number of unique individuals who had previously visited the Kiehl’s store 
Cost per acquisition (COA) - calculated as the total cost associated with the Facebook campaign divided by the number 
of unique visitors returning to the Kiehl’s store at Yorkdale Mall
Customer value (CV) - assumes an average ticket value of $20 CAD per visitor
Return on Investment (ROI) – is the (CV-Cost) divided by Cost multiplied by 100

Definitions

19



20

Facebook Creative 



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Issue with Social WiFi at Yorkdale Hi everyone,

We are seeing many more user sign ins, so it would appear from our end that
the system is working again. Madison also confirmed that she was able to
access the splash page.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2015
ISSUE # 3

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

1.03 Capitale Final Outcome 31-May-16

Design & Pricing

RYCOM is working with Aislelabs to finalize design and placement 

of Sensors in order to provide firm pricing to the client.
14-Jun-16

Rev'd Drawings May 27th. Used drawings for Walk around purposes.

UPDATED MAY-31-16  - Rev'd updated drawings. RYCOM starting planning out infrastructure.

UPDATED JUN-03-16 - Rev'd updated drawings, RYCOM will revise original plan and start pricing to 

these drawings. Firm pricing to be provided June 14th.

UPDATE JUN-23-16 - Provided pricing to Oxford and it has been approved. Anticipated start date 

July 11th. (See  section 1.05 for further information)

OXFORD 

MARKETING

CAPITALE

RYCOM

AISLELABS

1.04 Capitale OPEN 31-May-16

Sensor & Infrastructure Placements

During the site meeting, The site team requested to have the 

Aislelabs installation completed as a single phase. Some areas of 

the site have new ceilings installed and some areas have existing 

ceiling to be demolished or have been demolished.

INFORMATION

In order to accommodate the request, RYCOM will place infrastructure into the final sensor location 

as close as possible and leave 20' coils on the cabling. The cabling will be placed as high as possible 

into the steal structure. Once the new ceiling starts to be framed. The general contractor trades 

(Coordinated by others) will place the sensors into the final location as define on the RCP drawings. 

NOTE - It's critical the sensors be placed within 5' accuracy as shown on drawings to achieve 

accurate counts. 

OXFORD 

MARKETING

CAPITALE

RYCOM

AISLELABS

GENERAL 

CONTRACTOR

1.05 Capitale OPEN 23-Jun-16
Project Timing

Section to track the Timeline for the project.
19-Aug-16

Anticipated start date of Monday July 11th. Anticipated completion by August 12th. RYCOM will 

attempt to improve on completion date. 

RYCOM

AISLELABS

2.01 Hillcrest Final Outcome 18-May-16

TIMING & APPROACH

RYCOM participated in Oxford's National Marketing Kickoff 

meeting with Hillcrest. The site is fine tuning the installation of 

where they would like sensors placed.

2-Jun-16

Hillcrest to proceed with Zone Level coverage & Aislelabs Social Wifi integrated with Single Digits.

Proposed Early June Started - Based on drawing used for budgeting

Late June early July completion.

Site team to review sensor placements to identifying proposed coverage zones.

UPDATED - Completed and move forward with revised drawing.

OXFORD 

MARKETING

HILLCREST

RYCOM

AISLELABS

2.02 Hillcrest OPEN 18-May-16

Revised Drawings

Aisle labs provided a revised drawing. RYCOM to review and 

provide Comments 

2-Jun-16

RYCOM has reviewed and provided comments. The base building network was designed by others 

but was limited to support mostly common area locations. RYCOM identified areas where Ethernet 

extension technology would be required and provided a high level budget per clouded area  and 

asked the site to confirm how they would like to move forward.

UPDATE JUN-02-16 - Revised drawings with site team. They removed the Hudson Bay, & Sporting 

Life sensors from scope. Upon roll our RYCOM will identify other possible means of providing 

sensors in this area.

OXFORD 

MARKETING

HILLCREST

RYCOM

AISLELABS

2.03 Hillcrest Final Outcome 2-Jun-16

AWARDED CONTRACT - DHA-01397-03

RYCOM has been awarded the contract to start the installation of 

cabling for Aislelabs. 2-Jun-16

NOTE - RYCOM will pick up existing networking switches from site. Our networking team will 

attempt to re-purpose them to be deployed for this project.

UPDATE JUN-23-16 - RYCOM tested existing switches, identified they where out dated an no longer 

supported by Cisco. Spoke with site team and discussion was made to carry on with new switch 

installation per scope of work. Switches where returned back to site.

OXFORD 

MARKETING

HILLCREST

RYCOM

2.04 Hillcrest OPEN 2-Jun-16

Project Timing

Section to track the Timeline for the project.

8-Jun-16

Aislelabs - Sensors proposed to be onsite during the week of June 13th.

RYCOM - Estimated start mid week of June 6th.

UPDATE JUNE-23-16 - Approx. 70 percent of cable roughed in. Sensor placement starting June 27th.

Anticipated partial turn-up by July 6th, New Construction may not meet this timeline. 

RYCOM

AISLE LABS

HILLCREST

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or influencing 

this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

Welcome!!!! This document package is to provide updates and highlights to the Progression of the Project

HIGHLIGHTS

- Hillcrest approx. 70 percent completed. (Sensor installation to start shortly, Have Coordinated with Aislelabs.)

- Hillcrest, Anticipated Completion for RYCOM & Aislelabs for July 6th Hand-over, excludes re-development area.

- Capitale, Awarded, anticipated start date of Monday July 11th.

- Kick-off meeting with Yorkdale, Waiting to find out how to proceed, Provided East, West & Central breakouts.

 Print Issue Date: 06,23,2016  4:22 PM

Page 1 of 2



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2015
ISSUE # 3

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or influencing 

this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

Welcome!!!! This document package is to provide updates and highlights to the Progression of the Project

HIGHLIGHTS

- Hillcrest approx. 70 percent completed. (Sensor installation to start shortly, Have Coordinated with Aislelabs.)

- Hillcrest, Anticipated Completion for RYCOM & Aislelabs for July 6th Hand-over, excludes re-development area.

- Capitale, Awarded, anticipated start date of Monday July 11th.

- Kick-off meeting with Yorkdale, Waiting to find out how to proceed, Provided East, West & Central breakouts.

3.02 Yorkdale OPEN 17-May-16

TIMING & APPROACH

RYCOM participated in Oxford's National Marketing Kickoff 

meeting with Yorkdale. The site is fine tuning the installation of 

where they would like sensors placed. Discussed Timing of 

Projects

TBD

East & West Expansions cabling to be completed prior to expansion opening. (Would recommend 

sensor installation with cabling to keep within budgets provided.) Central Shopping Centre to start 

in Q2. Yorkdale Marketing to refine the stores that could use High Density Now.

RYCOM waiting for Direction on how to proceed.

RYCOM

AISLE LABS

OXFORD 

MARKETING

YORKDALE

3.03 Yorkdale OPEN 19-May-16

Drawings & Timing

Aislelabs provided drawings identifying areas where high density 

sensors would need to be installed. TBD

Information is with Oxford National Marketing to Review. RYCOM has provided a breakdown of the 

East, West & Central Aislelabs Installation Pricing.

Pending Direction to proceed.

RYCOM

AISLE LABS

OXFORD 

MARKETING

YORKDALE

 Print Issue Date: 06,23,2016  4:22 PM

Page 2 of 2



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 12

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.07 Yorkdale Final Outcome 30-Jan-17

APPROVALS

RYCOM Rev'd e-mail notifying capital is approved. 

30-Jan-17

In order to execute, RYCOM will need a signed copy of the Rogers agreements. 

RYCOM is getting the final Rogers proposals  signed and will submit to the 

property for approval.

FEB-13-17 - Waiting for signed proposals from site

FEB-21-17 - Waiting for signed proposals.

FEB-23-17 -  Rec'vd signed approval

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM

3.10 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Roof

Document Progress occurring on for the rooftop pathways.

13-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Onsite coordination occurring to find best possible entry's into 

ceilings.

FEB-06-17 - Reviewing pathway over Forever XXI. RYCOM to review pathways 

prior to holes being placed in roof. RYCOM will seek approval from Yorkdale.

FEB-10-17 - Reviewed pathways with Ampere.

FEB-13-17 - Submitted proposed pathways to site. Site modified drawings and 

approved. Pending start of roof work due to weather conditions.

FEB-21-17 - Conduits on roof installed, meeting with roofing company happening 

on Thursday to review pitch pocket locations. Work to start as early as this Friday.

FEB-28-17 - Starting rooftop penetrations today  on high roofs

MAR-09-17 - Access Hatches where installed. (2) Locations are almost ready for 

cable installation, Other locations pending waiting for better weather.

MAR-26-17 - Consolidation point cabling installation to start MAR-27-17

RYCOM

AMPERE

SEMPLE GOODER

3.11 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Outside / Tenant Space

Document progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

28-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Reviewed Onsite. Pending installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.12 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation started Monday, techs are reviewing pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% roughed In. Need to review difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% terminate, 70% sensors placed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Walmart & Sears locations completed, pending start date for Hudson Bay & Forever XXI from property, review Cineplex Wednesday.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Rooftop conduits complete, cabling installation to start this week.

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site. (no change)

- Gatineau anchors store installations starting this week. Completion on Track for March-31-17

- Southcentre (3) BBN cabinets roughed in. Issues with access & access hatches. Discussed with onsite meeting with Gerry MAR-27-17

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 11th. (Hope everyone had a great March break)

 Print Issue Date: 03,28,2017  7:01 AM

Page 1 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 12

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Walmart & Sears locations completed, pending start date for Hudson Bay & Forever XXI from property, review Cineplex Wednesday.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Rooftop conduits complete, cabling installation to start this week.

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site. (no change)

- Gatineau anchors store installations starting this week. Completion on Track for March-31-17

- Southcentre (3) BBN cabinets roughed in. Issues with access & access hatches. Discussed with onsite meeting with Gerry MAR-27-17

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 11th. (Hope everyone had a great March break)

3.13 Yorkdale UPDATE 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Rough in Started around Shoppers. Need to review sensors located 

near Bay. May need to place on Bay store front.

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending start 

date. Milestones under construction will coordinate install with property.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.15 Yorkdale UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs 23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Conduit routed through Indigo ready for RYCOM. Pending Installation 

of rooftop conduits. Will need to arrange access into Home Outfitters to pass 

cable through electrical RM.

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work 80% dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending 

start date. Consolidation point installation starting this week. Will require access 

to Sportschk & Bose. RYCOM to confirm date.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.16 Yorkdale OPEN 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

5-Apr-17

FEB-22-17 - Installation started 

FEB-28-17 - 100%  roughed In

MAR-27-17 - 75% dropped. Consolidation point installation starting this week for 

area by Harry Rosen.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale UPDATE 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 03,28,2017  7:01 AM

Page 2 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 12

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Walmart & Sears locations completed, pending start date for Hudson Bay & Forever XXI from property, review Cineplex Wednesday.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Rooftop conduits complete, cabling installation to start this week.

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site. (no change)

- Gatineau anchors store installations starting this week. Completion on Track for March-31-17

- Southcentre (3) BBN cabinets roughed in. Issues with access & access hatches. Discussed with onsite meeting with Gerry MAR-27-17

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 11th. (Hope everyone had a great March break)

3.18 Yorkdale UPDATE 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughing started Approx. 40%

FEB-28-17 - No  change

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Tower portion to be started once all lift work is completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.19 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

1-May-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-27-17 - Roughing started. Consolidation point installation starting this week. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.07 STC OPEN 27-Feb-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on new networking equipment

Ordered = equipment on order and being configured

Staging = equipment is programmed @ available

Installed = equipment is installed onsite and Ready. 1-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - RYCOM PM ordered networking equipment to be configured and 

shipped to Vaughan office. Will attempt to have equipment installed prior to Feb-

27th date.

FEB-07-17 - Network gear Installing now ahead of schedule. 

FEB-14-17 - 25% installed.

FEB-16-17 - Network equipment is installed (1) Switch location needs to be 

reviewed with client.

FEB-28-17  - Network switch to be placed inside LL.06 Cabinet.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.08 STC UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
21-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 PENDING START - Focusing on upper & lower levels

FEB-24-17 - Walked with OM and spoke with Managers at each anchor tenant 

except for The Bay & Cineplex. OM to coordinate access into site. Likely to start 

March 13th. Assuming (1) week per Anchor. 

MAR-09-17  - Coordinated to start Anchor Installations. Proposed time as follows: 

March 13 to March 17 – Sears, March 20 to March 24 – Walmart

March 27 to March 31 – Forever XXXI,  April 3 to April 7 – HBC. We have a 2nd 

crew and can expedite if access is available.

MAR-24-17 - Cabling installed at Sears & Walmart. Pending approval for Forever 

XXI & Bay

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.09 STC UPDATE 21-Mar-17

CINEPLEX  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring for Cineplex area

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

29-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - PENDING START - Focusing on upper & lower levels

MAR-09-17 - Proposed start April 10 to April 14 – Cineplex 

MAR-24-17 - Setup time to review pathway with property on MAR-29-17

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 03,28,2017  7:01 AM

Page 3 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 12

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Walmart & Sears locations completed, pending start date for Hudson Bay & Forever XXI from property, review Cineplex Wednesday.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Rooftop conduits complete, cabling installation to start this week.

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site. (no change)

- Gatineau anchors store installations starting this week. Completion on Track for March-31-17

- Southcentre (3) BBN cabinets roughed in. Issues with access & access hatches. Discussed with onsite meeting with Gerry MAR-27-17

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 11th. (Hope everyone had a great March break)

4.1 STC UPDATE 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

29-Mar-17

Aislelabs procuring sensors. Will ship to RYCOM once they receive them.

JAN-31-17 - STC would like a spare sensor pool onsite approx. (5) extra sensors. To 

be reviewed by Aislelabs.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, (5) extra Sensors will be handed over to 

the property.

FEB-21-17 - Extra sensors have delivered to site, have been placed inside MER 

Core cabinet.

MAR-09-17 - Aislelabs is creating database for site.

MAR-24-17 - Aislelabs reported issues with a couple of sensors. Techs & NOC will 

look into this next week and confirm back with Aislelabs.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.12 STC UPDATE 7-Feb-17

Locality Sensor & Gateway Removal

RYCOM will remove old Locality sensors and gateways and provide to landlord.

TBD

Pending Start.

MAR-09-17 - Locality Sensors have been removed and placed in MER Cabinet. 

They will be handed over to the client.

MAR-24-17 - Derek to confirm if sensors where handed to property.

(blank)

5.02 Square one OPEN 23-Jan-17

REVISED DRAWINGS

RYCOM has Rev'd the revised drawings for Square One.

10-Feb-17

RYCOM to review drawings against the original quote and revise quote as 

necessary and re-submit by weeks end.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM updated budget and submitted to Marketing. Rogers unique 

offer quotation to follow by end of week.

FEB-09-17 - Budget issue, RYCOM to discuss with Marketing

FEB-23-17 - Submitted proposal to site team, per direction from marketing

FEB-28-17 - Submitted estimated port counts after Aislelabs installation. Site 

wanted to add (2) additional switches. Have provided quotation to site. Pending 

direction to proceed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.04 Square one OPEN 23-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

The site would like to get the installations underway.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM will provide a high level schedule of start and end dates if we split the 

resources amongst Yorkdale and Square One. Durations of each site will be longer 

then original scheduled.

FEB-10-17 - Splitting the crews would delay the completion of Yorkdale to approx. 

end of August. Current Baseline is end of May.

FEB-13-17 - RYCOM has committed to see if there are ways to start Square One 

earlier. Potential the crew from STC could go to Square One to start 

FEB-28-17 - Square One will start once STC is completed. Estimated start is mid 

April, will improve timeline if possible.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.03 UCM OPEN 28-Feb-17

Proposed Schedule

Track proposed start dates

TBD

UCM will start once Yorkdale is completed. Estimated start month is June. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 03,28,2017  7:01 AM

Page 4 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 12

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Walmart & Sears locations completed, pending start date for Hudson Bay & Forever XXI from property, review Cineplex Wednesday.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Rooftop conduits complete, cabling installation to start this week.

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site. (no change)

- Gatineau anchors store installations starting this week. Completion on Track for March-31-17

- Southcentre (3) BBN cabinets roughed in. Issues with access & access hatches. Discussed with onsite meeting with Gerry MAR-27-17

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 11th. (Hope everyone had a great March break)

8.04 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

Access Hatch Installation

RYCOM is reviewing pathways throughout the site to determine how the Aislelabs 

installation will occur.

24-Feb-17

MAR-09-17 - RYCOM has reviewed pathways and in the process of preparing a 

drawing showing potential access hatch locations. Will be having a call on MAR-10-

17 with site to review.

MAR-27-17 - Had an onsite meeting with Gerry. RYCOM proposal didn't include for 

access hatch installation. property didn't' carry budget. Issue to be discussed with 

Sam when he is back from vacation. RYCOM to prepare access hatch drawing. 

Gerry to provide access hatch vendor contact information to continue progression.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.05 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

MAR-09-17 - Roughed in all sensors going to Admin office. Cabinet #3. Cabinet #2 

is roughed in. 

MAR-26-17 - Cables pulled to BBN cabinets #3, #4 &  proposed #1, work 

progressing slowly due to access hatch & access issues.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.06 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for AisleLabs

TBD

Pending start on the upper level.

MAR-26-17 - Installation of upper level to start this coming week. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.07 Southcentre OPEN 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

9.03 Gatineau UPDATE 9-Mar-17

MAIN LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

31-Mar-17

MAR-09-17 - Cables roughed in @ food court.

MAR-24 - Pulled in installation of (38) locations to date.

MAR-27-17 - To be completed by March -31-17

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

9.04 Gatineau UPDATE 27-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

31-Mar-17

Pending start for anchor tenants

MAR-24-17 - Anchor installations have been coordinated and started. Costco on 

hold until we receive update from property.

MAR-27-17 - To be completed by March -31-17

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 03,28,2017  7:01 AM

Page 5 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 12

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Walmart & Sears locations completed, pending start date for Hudson Bay & Forever XXI from property, review Cineplex Wednesday.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Rooftop conduits complete, cabling installation to start this week.

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site. (no change)

- Gatineau anchors store installations starting this week. Completion on Track for March-31-17

- Southcentre (3) BBN cabinets roughed in. Issues with access & access hatches. Discussed with onsite meeting with Gerry MAR-27-17

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 11th. (Hope everyone had a great March break)

10.01 DIX30 UPDATE 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed last week. Approx. 6 

to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to provide 

budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is completed.

FEB-21-17 - Rev'd drawings Aislelabs drawings. Pending BBN design completion 

prior to pricing Aislelabs.

MAR-27-17 - BBN Design 50% completed. Once final is done RYCOM to provide 

budget for Aislelabs.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 03,28,2017  7:01 AM

Page 6 of 6



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Yorkdale Data I tried both and experienced a longer loading time but didn't get the 404
errors. The issue seems to simply be the large amount of data being queried.

There have been some recent upgrades to the platform that haven't been
pushed to the production servers yet, so you should be able to load the
first link on beta:
https://beta.gtbcorp.com/o/?tab=SPACECOMPARE&tdid=456&smid=24193740&emid=24238379&stime=0_00&etime=23_59&
<https://flow.gtbcorp.com/o/?tab=SPACECOMPARE&tdid=456&smid=24193740&emid=24238379&stime=0_00&etime=23_59&>

The second link will take a long time to load no matter what you do. The
link between Social WiFi and Flow is new, so the filter algorithms are not
optimized yet. I would suggest loading shorter date ranges and, if you're
not aljanety, using Chrome or Firefox.

I've passed your issue on to the engineers. If the cause is here on the
back end, I will let you know when there is a fix.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Aislelabs Advanced Location Analytics Technology Proposal for GTAA
10 July 2016. Confidential.
Technology Overview
Aislelabs technology platform utilizes anonymous WiFi signals collected from mobile phones to determine the location of a mobile device inside a physical space for anonymous aggregate analytics. Aislelabs utilizes its own location engine that incorporates advanced algorithms with accuracy that can be tuned.
The basic methodology we follow involves the following steps:
· Placement of sensors in a suitable manner after inspection of the physical space in order to address the characteristics of the specific environment
· Automated and manual calibration of the signals in order to fingerprint all the suitable locations we wish to determine localization
· Application of an advanced machine learning framework of to incorporate the information collected during the calibration phase into a learning framework that is used to determine the location of any mobile device.
· A technology validation step to provide evidence on the expected accuracy of the deployment.Aggregation of signals from different sensors across a number of sensors to determine aggregate analytics on visitor behavior 
The methodology above will be applied during a deployment at GTAA. We have already conducted the walkthrough of all priority areas specified and we have provided the desired location of the sensors that in our view best address the required specification.
Once the sensor placement is complete, The the next step would be to conduct a thorough automated and manual calibration of the technology for each priority area specified. The calibration requires a detailed fingerprinting via a walkthrough of the space to record how the signals change inside the space. Recording of the signals provides a detailed view on how signals change based on the location inside the space and empowers the next step, which is the development of the learning framework to infer location based on signals.
Our learning framework employs Aislelabs’ advance learning proprietary technology to embed all collected signals into a learning machinestatistical learning models. This technology allows us distil all collected information and be able to generalize it in a way that we can determine the location of a new phone inside the space based on the signals we that are detected from it. This is what exactly allows us to provide detailed segmentation of the priority area into zones of interest and determine location and movement inside such zones.
Finally once calibration is complete, Aislelabs platform will continuously gather anonymous signal data from passenger devices creating traffic flow analytics. This will include detailed passenger segmentation based on their processing location in the priority areas, such as Nexus vs. non-Nexus passengers, or passengers using Automated Border Control vs. those seeing an officer at the CBSA counter. The analytics will be presented on the Flow real-time dashboard for GTAA and its affiliates to use along with predictive intelligence and staff recommendation modules.provides a technology validation step. In that step, the signals of a large collection of phones with known locations inside the space would be used as a test step. In that test, we will estimate how well the learning machine can predict the location of phones (with known location) based on the signals they emit. A detailed report is provided that shows the accuracy of the test step and such a report will be provided. This report will contain a statistical guarantee and provides a estimated mean accuracy and variance of our prediction. That way we will provide a formal statistical report as an outcome of our deployment.
Empirical Test for Technology Validation

The Wipro/GTAA team joined us to experience a demonstration of our technology and its associated accuracy on a test with an existing Aislelabs client. In particular we hosted the team at the Yorkdale Yorkdale Sshopping cCentere. Owned by Oxford Properties, Yorkdale Shopping Centre is one of Canada’s largest mall and has the highest sales per unit area in the country. Oxford Properties represents over 50 million sq. ft. of real estate globally, and is an Aislelabs client.	 (owned by Oxford properties which is an Aislelabs client). Although the specifics of the deployment at the shopping centere are a bit different that those at the Airport, we presented a scenario that closely resembles what is required at GTAA in terms of accuracy. 
In particular the scenario at the shopping centere is to reveal understand store visits of shoppers and their associated dwell times inside stores and their journey. We isolated the following test, which is detailed below that closely resembles the GTAA requirements.
The following are the details of a single phone running an Android operating system as captured by the existing Aislelabs Flow WiFi location analytics system at Yorkdale Shopping Centre on the morning of July 8th, 2016 in presence of GTAA and Wipro representatives. 
These data were used for a live demonstration of the location inference capabilities of a properly calibrated instance of Aislelabs Flow. The demonstration process and results are detailed below. See figure Figure 1 for the total time spent in each space visited and figure Figure 2 for the location of those spaces within Yorkdale Shopping Centre.
The phone was brought into the centre by the TTC entrance denoted as the south corridor (S Corridor, 1). It was then held in the area where the demonstration and discussion were to be held (Luxury Corridor, 2).Figure 1: Aggregate time spent by space

Prior to the start of the demonstration, the phone was taken to the centre corridor (Centre Corridor, 3) and then returned to the demonstration location.
In order to demonstrate the peak accuracy of the system, 2 adjacent stores with narrow storefronts were chosen (Moncler, 4, and Jimmy Choo, 5). 
First the phone was held inside the Moncler store for approximately 4 minutes as near as possible to the wall shared with the adjacent store Jimmy Choo. The wall itself is a simple divider—not a load-bearing structure—with an approximate thickness of 5 cmcm. After 4 minutes the system was allowed time to update the main server while the phone was held in the demonstration area. Once updated, the results were shown to Wipro and GTAA representatives which they confirmed the specific action, dwell times and location.
Next, the phone was held in Jimmy Choo near the shared wall for a similar duration. Figure 1 displays the results as registered by the Flow system after the demonstration. The system was able to clearly distinguish between signals collected from these two adjacent stores event though the division between the spaces is very small (as depicted in Figure 1). This result was verified by Wipro/GTAA live on site when it was produced.

Figure 2: Path of phone and location within the shopping centre

The conducted test verifies the accuracy of tracking the phone both across the mall and between adjacent stores. Tracking accuracy between Moncler and Jimmy Choo which are next to each other showcases the platform.
image1.png

image2.png


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: FW: Wi-Fi ? Thanks Carter. Madison and Sanchia, can you share the details of where you are experiencing the problems ?

Martinez (Single Digits) – what are you seeing on your end ?

Meredith

From: Carter Rivera [mailto:carter@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: Monday, January 25, 2016 11:15 AM
To: Martinez Nancy
Cc: Meredith Vlitas; Martinez O'Brien (mobrien@singledigits.com); Kaitlyn Crandall (kcrandall@singledigits.com); Madison Harrington; Sanchia Saha
Subject: Re: FW: Wi-Fi ?

Hi Meredith,
We see no issues from our end impacting WiFi access. Our monitoring shows, 248 users have logged in just the last 90 minutes.  The screenshot below is taken for the Yorkdale mall at 11:08am and as you can see a lot of users are able to connect.
Please send us the details of the tweet and we will investigate.
Lastly, we are aware that Madison is having an issue with her laptop. Madison, we believe this issue is only with the particular laptop. If you are available for a phone call, can we do a call at 2pm to understand this better.

[Inline image 1]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Yorkdale Data Hi Martinez,

Thanks for looking into that.

Now that I have built a workflow I am hoping to get a new dataset from your team. I see on the server that you can filter by corridor, where exactly are these sensors placed? We would really like to gain insight about the behaviour of shoppers coming in from specific entrances, are there sensors close to the entrances?

Ideally, I need a dataset of all visitors in the month of May that includes all areas of the mall that they visited, similar to what you sent before. I also need a separate dataset with the information of the people that logged into social WiFi, which should be improved now that entering a valid postal code is mandatory.

Please let me know when you think I could get this by.
Have a great weekend!

Lauren


From: Martinez Nancy [mailto:martinez@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: Thursday, June 16, 2016 3:47 PM
To: Lauren Blumberger
Subject: Re: Yorkdale Data

Hi Lauren,

We double checked today and there are about 475,000 visits in the visitor file but only ~70,129 unique phone IDs (many return visitors). We also checked against the ID-MAC correspondence file and all MACs in the visitor file are present in the correspondence file.

You only received information for about 475,000 visits because those are the people who signed in to Social WiFi during that period. I believe the initial intention was to associate the Flow visit data with postal codes and other Social WiFi details.

Let me know if you have any other questions!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Splash Page Editor Update Hi Sharon,

Great news! Thanks for the update. Please see my responses in blue.

- How long will the implementation take approx. with Yorkdale and Single
Digits individually?
I've touched base with the team here and we can make the switch on our
end without any input from the Yorkdale IT team or Single Digits assuming
there are no unexpected issues. I will set out a plan for implementation
below.
- Could you clarify the process and the role of Single Digits and
Yorkdale’s Operations team in this update?


- What do we require from their end?
Hopefully we won't need anything from either Single Digits or the
Yorkdale IT team. However, if there is an issue, we will need some
troubleshooting assistance. This would likely involve a phone call to
review the setup and adjust settings
- Will you require anything from Iris and I? (ex. Connect the teams
together)
All we should need from yourself and Iris is sign off on the updated
splash pages and permission to implement them.


- Since gtbcorps would be hosting the Privacy and T&C page, how quickly
can this be edited if there are changes from Privacy?
Same-day edits should not be an issue as long as we are informed of any
required change. If the turnaround time needs to be quicker than that, we
can have a call to discuss how we can accommodate the requirements.
- Are we able to add in Oxford’s privacy and T&C links within gtbcorps
hosted page? Or will this be just plain text only?
We should be able to have links within the pages we are hosting. We do
recommend against this as any user visiting an external link may find it
difficult to return to the login process. However, it should be possible.

For the actual process of switching, here is what we would propose:

1. Complete setup, review, and sign off of the Yorkdale splash page
2. Choose a 2-3 hour window during which potential down time would be
the least disruptive at Yorkdale
3. Make the switch at the start of this window and monitor sign ins (if
there is any issue, we can revert the change and schedule a troubleshooting
call)

Once Yorkdale has been switched successfully, we can repeat the process for
the remaining sites. I would recommend choosing 1 to start with in case we
need to troubleshoot with Single Digits, but once the transition is
completed successfully, we can update the remaining sites more quickly.

After that we can hold some training sessions for using the new editor!

Let me know if that works or if you have any other questions.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Annual Crossover Visits Yorkdale to Hillcrest Good morning Martinez
I hope you had a good weekend. I'm working on a competitive analysis document and hoping you can provide some data please.
In 2019, what was the average percentage of Yorkdale custricks visiting Hillcrest please?
Thanks very much.
Lisa

Lisa P. Resnic
Marketing Manager

Oxford Properties Group
Yorkdale Shopping Centre
1 Yorkdale Road, Suite 500
Toronto, ON M6A 3A1
Canada
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title

2018 Confidential
www.aislelabs.com

Yorkdale/IQ Foods Co 
Grand Opening

Campaign Report



Outline

2

1. Key Summary

2. Performance Overview

1. Facebook Performance

2. IQ Foods Eblast

3. IQ Foods Behaviour-based Ongoing Campaign

3. Observations

4. Appendix



Key Summary

• Overall, there were 250 visitors tracked at IQ foods between September 6 and September 18

• 103 people who received the initial email visited IQ foods

• 90 visitor went to IQ Foods after receiving a behavior-based email triggered after entering the mall

3

Tactic Starts Ends Spent Reach/
Sent

Impressions
/

Delivered
Opens ORR Action: 

Link Click CTR

Visitors to 
Store 

(Sept 6-
18)

Conversion 
to store

Est. 
Revenue ROI

Facebook 13 Sep 2018 18 Sep 2018
$450 
(CPC 
$2.39)

13.5K 69K n/a n/a 189 0.27%

57 0.2% $1,197

489%

Instagram 13 Sep 2018 18 Sep 2018

$442 

(CPC 
$3.98)

21K 59K n/a n/a 111 0.19%

Email –
E-blast 6 Sep 2018 6 Sep 2018 $0 372K 331K 46K 14% 7,867 2.4% 103 0.03% $2,060

Email –
On-going 6 Sep 2018 16 Sep 2018 $0 11.7K 5.7K 2.5K 43% 170 3% 90 1.6% $1,800

Total 6 Sep 2018 18 Sep 2018 $892 421K 465K 49K 10.5% 8.3K 1.8% 250 $5,057

* Assumes value of $20 spent per visitor



Audience Overview

4

Tactic Target Number 
Targeted KPIs

Facebook campaign Individuals who had previously 
visited a restaurant, food court or 
specialty food store at Yorkdale

130,740 Link clicks/CTR
Reach
Impressions
CPC

Email blast All users in Yorkdale’s Guest WiFi
CRM to date

371,946 Opens/OR
Clicks/CTR
Visits

Location-based email 
campaign

Users who visited the property 
during the week of the opening

11,647 Opens/OR
Clicks/CTR



Space Breakdown

5

IQ Foods is located in the West Expansion, near spaces* that have an average 
level of traffic. There are several empty units found in the West Expansion 
corridor in which IQ Food resides.

*The heatmap shows relative traffic to each space in the shopping centre. Darker colours indicate 
more traffic to the space. 



Creative

6



Facebook Performance Breakdown



• Despite Instagram reaching more people, the Facebook Newsfeed/Messenger placement achieved more clicks with the budget

The Facebook campaign reached 34K individuals with 300 link 
clicks in 6 days



The ad brought in an estimated $1,197 over a 6 day period 

Tactic Visitors to Store (Sept 
6-18) Conversion Est. Revenue ROI

Facebook
57 0.2% $1,197 34%

Instagram



Email Performance



193 users were identified as having been sent an email and 
visited the store between Sept 6 and 18

Tactic Spent Sent Delivered Opens ORR Action: 
Link Click CTR

Visitors to 
Store (Sept 6-

18)
Conversion Est. Revenue

Email –
E-blast $0 372K 331K 46K 14% 7,867 2.4% 103 0.03% $2,060

Email – On-
going $0 11.7K 5.7K 2.5K 43% 170 3% 90 1.6% $1,800

Total Emails $0 383K 336K 49K 12.8% 8K 2.4% 193 0.06% $5,057

Email – E-blast Email – Ongoing



Demographics of visitors were similar between email 
campaign types (Female, 16-20 yrs)

On-going 
Email

Email Blast



Observations

13

Campaigns
IQ Foods email campaigns were the most successful of the tactics employed to drive traffic to the store. Although the 
email blast drove the largest number of returning visitors to the store, the ongoing campaign was the most efficient. It’s 
high OR compared to a regular email blast (43% vs 14%) demonstrates the audience is more engaged when on the 
property. The ongoing email campaign also had the highest email-to-store visit conversion (1.6% vs Email Blast – 0.03% 
and Facebook sponsored ads – 0.2%). Opportunity to consider SMS campaigns coupled to ongoing campaign to grab 
attention while visitors are on site. 

ROI
When estimating the value of each visiting customer at $20 per person, the revenue generated by the campaigns are 
estimated at about $5,000 over a 13 day period. This is an estimated ROI of about 489%. As there was no additional cost 
to run the email campaigns, the return on investment using email as a tactic is comparatively better than utilizing 
Facebook, which was an additional cost of $892. It is suggested that this cost be used to create “lookalike” audiences on 
Facebook based on the Aislelabs’ audience, which will drive new customers to both the property and the space.



Thank you
+1 888 765 3645

contact@aislelabs.com

14

Jennifer@aislelabs.com

mailto:Jennifer@aislelabs.com


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Yorkdale Data Hi Martinez,

Can you please cc KDesai@oxfordproperties.com<mailto:KDesai@oxfordproperties.com> when you respond as she will be looking at the data as well.

Thanks, have a good weekend.

Lauren

From: Lauren Blumberger
Sent: Thursday, March 10, 2016 3:50 PM
To: 'Martinez Nancy'
Subject: RE: Yorkdale Data

Hi Martinez,

Thanks for giving me access to the beta server, it was helpful for working with the summarized data provided. I’m back with more questions for you though!

As we are looking to conduct some more in depth spatial analysis of distances between stores and the path behavior of custricks, I am hoping to actually get some of the raw data before it is compiled to the dashboard . I don’t really have an understanding of what the raw output from the beacons looks like and how it is being processed, but ultimately I need data on a per shopper basis to get the results we’re looking for. Is it possible to get the data at some stage in a format where, for example, I can see each mac address and then the beacons that are being passed on a trip through the mall?

Also, I’m wondering about the social wifi data and how that is linked to the path data. In my mind, the social media data is collected through the wifi login which is connected to a specific mac address and that address is then tracked by the beacons. So are we not able to link the social wifi user info to the stores they are visiting?

Thanks for your help, this would greatly improve my analysis.

Lauren

From: Martinez Nancy [mailto:martinez@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: Wednesday, February 24, 2016 4:03 PM
To: Lauren Blumberger
Subject: Re: Yorkdale Data

Hi Lauren,

Sorry for the delay. The engineers have built in a way for you to access the numbers you're looking for from the dashboard. Here is what you need to know:

*   log in to the beta server (https://beta.gtbcorp.com/o/) rather than the regular Flow server
*   there is a CSV export button on the cross visitors chart now!
*   view numbers in the cross visitors chart instead of percentages by appending &getActualNumber=true to the end of the URL
*   look at only store engaged visitors (>=15 minutes in specified store) for a particular store by applying any one of the filters I set up (see the images below, always press submit after selecting a filter). The naming scheme for the filters you are interested in is "[store name] Engaged" (alternatively, appending &fvtid=# where # is any number between 17 and 53 inclusive will also work)
[Inline image 1][Inline image 2]
Here is an example URL for today with the Ericia's Secret Engaged filter applied:
https://beta.gtbcorp.com/o/?tab=SPACECOMPARE&tdid=456&smid=24271500&emid=24272939&stime=0_00&etime=23_59&getActualNumber=true&fvtid=17

If you have any trouble or the above is unclear, let me know. The beta server receives all software updates before they get pushed to the regular product, so it may be a little wonky from time to time.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: gtbcorps Sensors Yorkdale Hey Derek,

Thanks for the updates. My notes below.




1. Do you have any record of where the these MAC’s are I can’t seem to
find them in my documentation I  provided nor record of the MAC in our
previous lists.
1. - ac:86:74:7d:47:90  ?
2. - ac:86:74:7d:47:78 ?
3. - ac:86:74:7d:47:70 ?

All three above sensors were installed on a temporary basis in the Concept
Store (plugged into wall outlets and allowed to mesh).

1. This list contains sensors that we replaced an old sensor with a new
sensor. (The sensors came from gtbcorps sensors previously removed from
another job.)
1. CABLE ID TR-M1.21-63                   OLD MAC:
AC:86:74:7D:53:A0                      NEW MAC: AC:86:74:81:0B:28

i.      OLD
MAC believed to be causing DHCP errors, replaced with new MAC.

Noted.

1. CABLE ID:TR-M1.17-30                   OLD MAC:
AC:86:74:80:86:D0
NEW MAC: AC:86:74:81:16C0

i.      OLD
MAC at this location got damaged by construction and was removed. Replaced
with new sensor.

Could you confirm where in the mall this sensor was located?

1. CABLE ID:TR-M1.14-23                   OLD MAC: AC:86:74:80:88:30
NEW MAC: AC:86:74:81:16:B8

i.      OLD
MAC at this location was gone. Replaced with new sensor.

Could you confirm where in the mall this sensor was located?

1. Can you confirm these sensors are functioning properly. Looks like
the cabjaime for these ones either got damaged or touched during tenant
renovation projects
1. CABLE ID: TR-M1.21-69                  MAC: ac:86:74:7d:53:f0 –
Online (info – reported no problems)
Has been seen meshing intermittently, currently functioning properly


1. CABLE ID: TR-M1.21-69              MAC: ac:86:74:7d:54:10 – Online
(info – reported patch cord damaged and we replaced)
This sensor is meshing


1. Recently reported as of yesterday I believe there is a sensor down
located on the M205 switch located in the west expansion.
1. SWTICH PORT: YD_BBN-DE_M205 Gi1/0/22         MAC: ac86748095d0

i.      The
sensor went offline on January 10th @ 4:05PM. We didn’t do the installation
of those sensors, Do you have record of where the sensors is place. I
suspect it might have been in Santa’s Village and when it was closed after
the holidays the sensor got removed. If you can provide location we’ll go
have a peek what the story is an attempt to repair.
Location in the image below
[image: image.png]

1. Are there any other reported gtbcorps problems at Yorkdale? I’ll
have the lift onsite until early next week. Would like to hit all locations
with issues.
The following are offline. Several are in areas that have undergone/are
undergoing renovations but a few are elsewhere. Let me know if you have any
issue locating them.
ac86748087c0
ac86748112b8
ac86744a31e8
ac8674811320
ac86748086a0
ac8674808690
ac86747d5370
ac86747d5350
ac86747d5338
ac8674811388
ac8674811390
ac86748086d0
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 16

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.11 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Outside / Tenant Space

Document progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

28-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Reviewed Onsite. Pending installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.12 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation started Monday, techs are reviewing pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% roughed In. Need to review difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% terminate, 70% sensors placed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs 27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs
9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Rough in Started around Shoppers. Need to review sensors located 

near Bay. May need to place on Bay store front.

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending start 

date. Milestones under construction will coordinate install with property.

APR-04-17 - Everything roughed in and terminated except for outside locations. 

Need to coordinate access into new tenant area where milestones used to be.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

APR-25-17 - Testing Started inside Zone.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Forever XXI completed. Pending access to the Bay, Pending access to Sears to repair sensor near pick up door. (Property to advise)

- Yorkdale, reviewed pathways into anchor areas, will start coordinating access into the areas with the property. Testing has started and will continue. 

- Square One, 1st draft of master plan completed and submitted to site, pricing to be submitted, early next week. (Aislelabs pricing firm already)

- Gatineau site installation completed, Sports Experts needs a power supply replacement, RYCOM to schedule time to run temp cable to Costco 

Rooftop.

- Southcentre working on access into tenant areas.

- UCM - Kick-off meeting completed. Will update schedule, Investigation starting April 25th. Site is under redevelopment. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 9th.

 Print Issue Date: 04,25,2017  10:01 AM

Page 1 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 16

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Forever XXI completed. Pending access to the Bay, Pending access to Sears to repair sensor near pick up door. (Property to advise)

- Yorkdale, reviewed pathways into anchor areas, will start coordinating access into the areas with the property. Testing has started and will continue. 

- Square One, 1st draft of master plan completed and submitted to site, pricing to be submitted, early next week. (Aislelabs pricing firm already)

- Gatineau site installation completed, Sports Experts needs a power supply replacement, RYCOM to schedule time to run temp cable to Costco 

Rooftop.

- Southcentre working on access into tenant areas.

- UCM - Kick-off meeting completed. Will update schedule, Investigation starting April 25th. Site is under redevelopment. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 9th.

3.15 Yorkdale OPEN 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Conduit routed through Indigo ready for RYCOM. Pending Installation 

of rooftop conduits. Will need to arrange access into Home Outfitters to pass 

cable through electrical RM.

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work 80% dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending 

start date. Consolidation point installation starting this week. Will require access 

to Sportschk & Bose. RYCOM to confirm date.

APR-10-17 - Access to Bose occurring this Wednesday @ 6:30am. Testing and 

sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.16 Yorkdale OPEN 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
5-Apr-17

FEB-22-17 - Installation started 

FEB-28-17 - 100%  roughed In

MAR-27-17 - 75% dropped. Consolidation point installation starting this week for 

area by Harry Rosen.

APR-04-17 - Consolidation point cabling roughed in. terminations to start next 

week.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale OPEN 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

APR-04-17 - Joey sensors have been relocated to under the slab near the entrance 

to avoid running conduit and working on the overhang.  Installation progressing.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale OPEN 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughing started Approx. 40%

FEB-28-17 - No  change

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Tower portion to be started once all lift work is completed.

APR-04-17 - Work to start this week around the tower. 

APR-10-17 - Cabling installed, terminations starting tonight. Testing to start next 

week.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 04,25,2017  10:01 AM

Page 2 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 16

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Forever XXI completed. Pending access to the Bay, Pending access to Sears to repair sensor near pick up door. (Property to advise)

- Yorkdale, reviewed pathways into anchor areas, will start coordinating access into the areas with the property. Testing has started and will continue. 

- Square One, 1st draft of master plan completed and submitted to site, pricing to be submitted, early next week. (Aislelabs pricing firm already)

- Gatineau site installation completed, Sports Experts needs a power supply replacement, RYCOM to schedule time to run temp cable to Costco 

Rooftop.

- Southcentre working on access into tenant areas.

- UCM - Kick-off meeting completed. Will update schedule, Investigation starting April 25th. Site is under redevelopment. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 9th.

3.19 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
1-May-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-27-17 - Roughing started. Consolidation point installation starting this week.

APR-04-17 - RYCOM will start reviewing the Anchor stores next week to 

determine pathways and scope.

APR-19-17 - Review Anchor areas April 20th. 

APR-25-17 - Reviewed Hudson Bay area onsite, RYCOM will provide drawing 

identifying proposed pathway this week to the building. Requested Access to 

Sportschk this week. Reviewed Banana Republic area, will arrange time for install. 

Review Crate & Barrel, further review required.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.20 Yorkdale UPDATE
With Project

Schedule

EXTRA CABLE @ ENTRANCES

With Project

Schedule

FEB-13-17 - The property has requested to have (1) additional cable added to each 

of the tenant entrance locations. This work will be done during the installation of 

the Aislelabs sensors however looked after separately with the property.

APR-25-17 - Shoppers entrance has extra cable nearby. Microsoft entrance 

pathway is full and could not accept any more cable. New conduit back to P1 level 

required. Will route (2) extra cables to Cineplex Entrance.

Yorkdale

RYCOM

4.08 STC UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

21-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 PENDING START - Focusing on upper & lower levels

FEB-24-17 - Walked with OM and spoke with Managers at each anchor tenant 

except for The Bay & Cineplex. OM to coordinate access into site. Likely to start 

March 13th. Assuming (1) week per Anchor. 

MAR-09-17  - Coordinated to start Anchor Installations. Proposed time as follows: 

March 13 to March 17 – Sears, March 20 to March 24 – Walmart

March 27 to March 31 – Forever XXXI,  April 3 to April 7 – HBC. We have a 2nd 

crew and can expedite if access is available.

MAR-24-17 - Cabling installed at Sears & Walmart. Pending approval for Forever 

XXI & Bay

APR-04-17 - Installation pending, reviewing alternative options for Forever XXI 

area.

APR-10-17 - Reviewed Forever XXI areas with property, will install sensors in the 

high ceiling area. No access to Forever XXI is permitted.

APR-19-17 - Forever XXI Sensors installing this week. Pending access to Hudson 

Bay. RYCOM will start project close out and exclude Hudson bay. Property to 

notify once access is granted.

APR-25-17 - Forever XXI installation completed, RYCOM will update drawings and 

send to Aislelabs this week. Once access to Bay is coordinated with the property, 

RYCOM will send techs back to complete Bay installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,25,2017  10:01 AM

Page 3 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 16

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Forever XXI completed. Pending access to the Bay, Pending access to Sears to repair sensor near pick up door. (Property to advise)

- Yorkdale, reviewed pathways into anchor areas, will start coordinating access into the areas with the property. Testing has started and will continue. 

- Square One, 1st draft of master plan completed and submitted to site, pricing to be submitted, early next week. (Aislelabs pricing firm already)

- Gatineau site installation completed, Sports Experts needs a power supply replacement, RYCOM to schedule time to run temp cable to Costco 

Rooftop.

- Southcentre working on access into tenant areas.

- UCM - Kick-off meeting completed. Will update schedule, Investigation starting April 25th. Site is under redevelopment. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 9th.

4.1 STC OPEN 8-Mar-17

A1 counting installation

Robert Horst requested RYCOM to pull in the A1 Counting cabling into the Bay 

while we are pulling in the entrance locations.
TBD

MAR-09-17 - RYCOM will supply CAT6 cabling and install it from the BBN cabinet 

to the locations as shown on the A1 drawing. Cabling to be invoiced separately 

from Aislelabs project. A1 counting to provide RYCOM with Ethernet extenders for 

this space.

 MAR-24-17 - Pending approval to the BAY to start work.

APR-04-17 - Pending access into Hudson bay to complete installation.

STC Management

RYCOM

UPDATE 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

29-Mar-17

Aislelabs procuring sensors. Will ship to RYCOM once they receive them.

JAN-31-17 - STC would like a spare sensor pool onsite approx. (5) extra sensors. To 

be reviewed by Aislelabs.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, (5) extra Sensors will be handed over to 

the property.

FEB-21-17 - Extra sensors have delivered to site, have been placed inside MER 

Core cabinet.

MAR-09-17 - Aislelabs is creating database for site.

MAR-24-17 - Aislelabs reported issues with a couple of sensors. Techs & NOC will 

look into this next week and confirm back with Aislelabs.

APR-04-17 -- NOC checked sensors. We can see all the sensors but one. The sensor 

not working isn't a MAC addresses we have listed on the drawing. will review.

APR-19-17 - Reviewed as listed above. Will repair this week.

APR-25-17 - Repaired sensor locations except for Sears, Coordinating access with 

the property.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM & Aislelabs

5.04 Square one OPEN 23-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

The site would like to get the installations underway.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM will provide a high level schedule of start and end dates if we split the 

resources amongst Yorkdale and Square One. Durations of each site will be longer 

then original scheduled.

FEB-10-17 - Splitting the crews would delay the completion of Yorkdale to approx. 

end of August. Current Baseline is end of May.

FEB-13-17 - RYCOM has committed to see if there are ways to start Square One 

earlier. Potential the crew from STC could go to Square One to start 

FEB-28-17 - Square One will start once STC is completed. Estimated start is mid 

April, will improve timeline if possible.

APR-04-17 - Installation at STC 98 percent complete. Square one will start shortly.

APR-10-17 - Rec'vd approval from Square One team.

APR-19-17 - Square One is looking at bundling multiple project together that have 

to do with the ceilings. Notified Sam regarding the delay in start. Pending direction 

from site.

APR-25-17 - 1st Draft of master drawing completed and submitted to site. Wifi 

and CCTV pricing to be submitted by early next week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,25,2017  10:01 AM

Page 4 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 16

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Forever XXI completed. Pending access to the Bay, Pending access to Sears to repair sensor near pick up door. (Property to advise)

- Yorkdale, reviewed pathways into anchor areas, will start coordinating access into the areas with the property. Testing has started and will continue. 

- Square One, 1st draft of master plan completed and submitted to site, pricing to be submitted, early next week. (Aislelabs pricing firm already)

- Gatineau site installation completed, Sports Experts needs a power supply replacement, RYCOM to schedule time to run temp cable to Costco 

Rooftop.

- Southcentre working on access into tenant areas.

- UCM - Kick-off meeting completed. Will update schedule, Investigation starting April 25th. Site is under redevelopment. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 9th.

6.03 UCM UPDATE 28-Feb-17

Proposed Schedule

Track proposed start dates

TBD

UCM will start once Yorkdale is completed. Estimated start month is June.  

APR-24-17 - RYCOM conducted kickoff meeting with UCM team. The techs will 

spend 1 to 2 weeks starting Apr-25-17 investigating pathways while working after 

hours. Lifts and some small material will arrive on APR-25-17.  RYCOM will provide 

schedule. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.04 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

TBD

PENDING Information National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.05 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level

TBD

PENDING Information National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.06 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location TBD

APR-24-17 - PENDING start date, Installation won't start until common areas are 

completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.07 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

TENANT ACCESS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location

TBD

APR-24-17 - Property expressed Arthurs Landing will be opening May 1st and they 

would like to add sensors into that area. RYCOM spoke with  the restaurant and 

identified the best time for installation is prior to store open and be completed 

after 9PM. Property is coordinating access for this week. NOTE - these sensors 

were not part of the design however we will provide them and take them from 

the sensors proposed to be installation around the expansion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.08 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

FOOD MARKET

The Food Market is currently in development. During the kick-off meeting the 

property expressed they would like to extend Aislelabs into this space. This 

section is to keep track of the design leading up to Implementation.
TBD

APR-24-17 - The development is effecting the planned Aislelabs sensor 

installation. RYCOM and the property agreed we would place these sensors when 

it makes sense with the development program. RYCOM & Aislelabs will provide 

another proposal for AisleLabs sensors into the food market area. Drawings are 

currently being revised and will be provided to the site once completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.09 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the network equipment installation.

TBD

PENDING Start date. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,25,2017  10:01 AM

Page 5 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 16

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Forever XXI completed. Pending access to the Bay, Pending access to Sears to repair sensor near pick up door. (Property to advise)

- Yorkdale, reviewed pathways into anchor areas, will start coordinating access into the areas with the property. Testing has started and will continue. 

- Square One, 1st draft of master plan completed and submitted to site, pricing to be submitted, early next week. (Aislelabs pricing firm already)

- Gatineau site installation completed, Sports Experts needs a power supply replacement, RYCOM to schedule time to run temp cable to Costco 

Rooftop.

- Southcentre working on access into tenant areas.

- UCM - Kick-off meeting completed. Will update schedule, Investigation starting April 25th. Site is under redevelopment. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 9th.

6.1 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

TBD

APR-24-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, The sensors placed at Arthurs Landing 

could start collecting data but the dashboard wouldn't be completed until the 

installation is completed. Once the dashboard is live the property would have 

trending data.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

8.04 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

Access Hatch Installation

RYCOM is reviewing pathways throughout the site to determine how the Aislelabs 

installation will occur.

24-Feb-17

MAR-09-17 - RYCOM has reviewed pathways and in the process of preparing a 

drawing showing potential access hatch locations. Will be having a call on MAR-10-

17 with site to review.

MAR-27-17 - Had an onsite meeting with Gerry. RYCOM proposal didn't include for 

access hatch installation. property didn't' carry budget. Issue to be discussed with 

Sam when he is back from vacation. RYCOM to prepare access hatch drawing. 

Gerry to provide access hatch vendor contact information to continue progression.

APR-04-17 - Pending direction on how to proceed. Waiting for Gerry to provide 

Access hatch contractor contact name.

APR-10-17 - Pending Access Hatch installation, sent drawing to Gerry's access 

hatch vendor. Southcentre to provide Carl with direction what access hatch style 

to use. Access hatches should be 24" X 24".

APR-19-17 - Access hatch vendor reviewing tonight with onsite RYCOM tech.

APR-25-17 - Rec'vd pricing for Access hatches, Southcentre approved.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.05 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

MAR-09-17 - Roughed in all sensors going to Admin office. Cabinet #3. Cabinet #2 

is roughed in. 

MAR-26-17 - Cables pulled to BBN cabinets #3, #4 &  proposed #1, work 

progressing slowly due to access hatch & access issues.

APR-04-17 - Installation progressing, area around Scotiabank roughed in.

APR-10-17 - Cables by Admin office and guest services have been brought to the 

cabinets and pushed through the ports.

APR-19-17 -  Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs 

to determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

APR-25-17 - Working on getting access into tenant suits for tonight.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.06 Southcentre OPEN 9-Mar-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for AisleLabs

TBD

Pending start on the upper level.

MAR-26-17 - Installation of upper level to start this coming week.

APR-10-17 - Cabling installation started on 2nd level where new cabinet is placed. 

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughen completed on the upper level going to the new 

cabinet. Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs to 

determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,25,2017  10:01 AM

Page 6 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 16

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Forever XXI completed. Pending access to the Bay, Pending access to Sears to repair sensor near pick up door. (Property to advise)

- Yorkdale, reviewed pathways into anchor areas, will start coordinating access into the areas with the property. Testing has started and will continue. 

- Square One, 1st draft of master plan completed and submitted to site, pricing to be submitted, early next week. (Aislelabs pricing firm already)

- Gatineau site installation completed, Sports Experts needs a power supply replacement, RYCOM to schedule time to run temp cable to Costco 

Rooftop.

- Southcentre working on access into tenant areas.

- UCM - Kick-off meeting completed. Will update schedule, Investigation starting April 25th. Site is under redevelopment. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 9th.

8.07 Southcentre OPEN 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.09 Southcentre UPDATE 4-Apr-17

BBN CABINET INSTALLATIONS

Item to  track progression of the (2) new BBN Cabinet's to be installed.

(blank)

APR-04-17 - Onsite techs have coordinated with the property the final locations 

for the new BBN Cabinets. Fibre to lower level cabinet installed. Both upper and 

lower level cabinets mounted.

APR-10-17 - Fibre is terminated  on lower level, UPS's are installed along with 

patch panels.

APR-25-17 - Pending fibre installation on Upper level, Need to coordinate access 

into tenant space.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

9.04 Gatineau UPDATE 27-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

31-Mar-17

Pending start for anchor tenants

MAR-24-17 - Anchor installations have been coordinated and started. Costco on 

hold until we receive update from property.

MAR-27-17 - To be completed by March -31-17

APR-04-17 - Sports Experts, Simons & Hudson Bay is completed. Access to Costco 

has not been granted. Reviewing a rooftop style installation onsite this Thursday 

for Costco. Archambault access is arranged.

APR-13-17 - RYCOM reviewed rooftop installation with building's roofing and 

electrical contractors. Pending pricing to provide budget to complete work. Sent 

Aislelabs a make up of the roofing material to see if the Wireless Sensor will work.

APR-19-17 - RYCOM will provide budgetary numbers to site for Costco. (1) sensor 

is not working located in Sports Expert. RYCOM will resolve during Costco 

installation or sooner if Costco doesn't get approved.

APR-25-17 - Moving Costco to Item 9.05, Need to return to site for Sports Expert. 

Power supply is bad and needs to be replaced.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

9.05 Gatineau NEW 24-Apr-17

COSTCO INSTALLATION

Costco would not allow us into their space, RYCOM reviewed another solution to 

place the sensors on the rooftop.
TBD

APR-24-17 - Spoke with General Manager, We will route temporary cabling up to 

the roof and place the sensors inside Plastic boxes to test to see if the signal will 

pass through. Permanent installation to be installed later on. RYCOM will not be 

responsible for roof penetrations. Will coordinate penetration through roof with 

electrical contractor.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,25,2017  10:01 AM

Page 7 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 16

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Forever XXI completed. Pending access to the Bay, Pending access to Sears to repair sensor near pick up door. (Property to advise)

- Yorkdale, reviewed pathways into anchor areas, will start coordinating access into the areas with the property. Testing has started and will continue. 

- Square One, 1st draft of master plan completed and submitted to site, pricing to be submitted, early next week. (Aislelabs pricing firm already)

- Gatineau site installation completed, Sports Experts needs a power supply replacement, RYCOM to schedule time to run temp cable to Costco 

Rooftop.

- Southcentre working on access into tenant areas.

- UCM - Kick-off meeting completed. Will update schedule, Investigation starting April 25th. Site is under redevelopment. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 9th.

10.01 DIX30 UPDATE 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed last week. Approx. 6 

to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to provide 

budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is completed.

FEB-21-17 - Rev'd drawings Aislelabs drawings. Pending BBN design completion 

prior to pricing Aislelabs.

MAR-27-17 - BBN Design 50% completed. Once final is done RYCOM to provide 

budget for Aislelabs.

APR-04-17 - Site is working on revised Aislelabs design. Once design is completed 

it will be sent to RYCOM for budgetary pricing.

APR-19-17 - Pending receiving revised drawings from site and Aislelabs.

APR-25-17 - Pending revised drawings from the site / Aislelabs.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,25,2017  10:01 AM

Page 8 of 8



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1© 2017 Aislelabs

Geodeomographic Trends
September 2017

Confidential



2© 2017 Aislelabs

Agenda

Context

Findings

Next Steps

Limitations

2



3© 2017 Aislelabs

Context

The analysis aims to gain a high-level understanding of the general catchment area and 

geodemographic profiles of long distance visitors, to better understand the customer mix.

Aislelabs’ objective was to:

– Produce high level insights to understand customer mix

– Understand the personal profiles of those who drove 30 minutes to 90 minutes

– Synthesize findings in a slide brief

Aislelabs’ scope was constrained by:

– Breadth and bias of postal code data1

3

1. Precision of postal code data is improved by promoting broader use of Social WiFi, especially among the mature demographic

What is Aislelabs?
Aislelabs is a technology company offering the most advanced Wi-Fi location marketing, advertising and 

analytics platform in the market. We are your data source.



4© 2017 Aislelabs 4

Low level social WiFi

data

Postal Code Data

Data was downloaded using the online Flow dashboard from August 1st 2016 

to August 1st 2017:

1. Postal Codes and count of visitors from the respective code

Custom data was queried to analyze weekday vs weekend visitors, and 

visitors by visit frequency

Data Sources Actions Taken

Data Sources

3rd Party data –

Google, Environics

Third party sources were utilized to conduct geodemographic analysis around 

Yorkdale Shopping Centre:

1. Google Distance Matrix API

2. Environics Geodemographics Service



5© 2017 Aislelabs

Agenda

Context

Findings

Next Steps

Limitations

5



6© 2017 Aislelabs

Summary of Findings

1. How does Yorkdale’s geographic reach look like?

Yorkdale covers more than 1/3 of GTA + Toronto population in a 30 minute drive

2. How long are people driving to Yorkdale?

92% of all visitors drive less than 30 minutes – there is a sharp downward inflection beyond a 30 

minute drive in moderate traffic

3. Is Yorkdale worth a special trip on the weekend from visitors beyond 30 minutes away?

Yorkdale does not experience a weekend spike, it sees normal driving times between weekends 

(includes Friday) and weekdays

4. What are Yorkdale’s Social WiFi’s most popular postal codes?

Technologically sophisticated young people – it is worthy to note that Social WiFi’s technology biases its 

audience. As such, it is more representative of the younger demographic traffic

5. How do the profiles of those who drive more than 30 to 90 minutes look like?

The most popular codes were concentrated in northwest Brampton as well as north of Ajax

6. How does Yorkdale’s Social WiFi tourist base look like?

North American tourists made up at 15% of all visitors to Yorkdale, with over 2/3 being foreign

Aislelabs



7© 2017 Aislelabs

Agenda

Context

Findings
Drive Times

Long distance visitors - Profiles

Next Steps

Limitations

7



8© 2017 Aislelabs

8

Yorkdale’s position allows a 38% capture of the GTA and Toronto 

population in 30 minutes by car

Date Range: Aug 2016 to Aug 2017.

In a 30 minute drive in moderate traffic, 

Yorkdale covers 13% of GTA + Toronto 

Geographic Area (“Area”) and is reachable by 

car by more than 1 out of 3 people in the Area

(38%).

92% of Yorkdale’s non-tourist footfall were up 

to 30 minutes away by car in moderate traffic.



9© 2017 Aislelabs

9

Visitors are reluctant to travel more than 30 minutes by car in moderate traffic, 

regardless of loyalty (as measured by frequency of visits per year)

0%

5%

10%

15%

20%

25%

30%

35%

0 5 1 0 1 5 2 0 2 5 3 0 3 5 4 0 4 5 5 0 5 5 6 0 +

P
E

R
C

E
N

T
A

G
E

 D
IS

T
R

IB
U

T
IO

N

DRIVE TIME (MINUTES)

Drive Times Vs. Visit  Frequency, Aug 2016 to Aug 2017

Frequent Visitors Moderate Visitors Single Visitors

13 17 22

Proprietary Data. 

Data excludes postal codes beyond 1.5 hours of driving time, thus filtering for domestic and foreign tourists.

Moderate visitors are defined by 2 to 14 visits.

Frequent visitors are defined by 15 or more visits.

Traffic model assumes average (weekday noon) congestion.

a
v
e

ra
g
e

s



10© 2017 Aislelabs

10

Drive Time behavior is little changed from the previous year.
2016-2017 saw a 2%-3% point right shift in average drive times from frequent and moderate visitors.

0%

5%

10%

15%

20%

25%

30%

35%

0 5 1 0 1 5 2 0 2 5 3 0 3 5 4 0 4 5 5 0 5 5 6 0 +

P
E

R
C

E
N

T
A

G
E

 D
IS

T
R

IB
U

T
IO

N

DRIVE TIME (MINUTES)

Drive Times Vs. Visit  Frequency, comparison '14-'15 to '15- '16

Frequent Visitors 2015 Moderate Visitors 2015 Single Visitors 2015

Frequent Visitors 2016 Moderate Visitors 2016 Single Visitors 2016

Proprietary Data. 

Data excludes postal codes beyond 1.5 hours of driving time, thus filtering for domestic and foreign tourists.

Moderate visitors are defined by 2 to 14 visits.

Frequent visitors are defined by 15 or more visits.

Traffic model assumes average (weekday noon) congestion.



11© 2017 Aislelabs

11

Yorkdale’s driving profiles do not differ between its 

weekday and weekend visitors

Proprietary Data. 

Data excludes postal codes beyond 1.5 hours of driving time, thus filtering for domestic and foreign tourists.

Traffic model assumes average (weekday noon) congestion.

Weekdays include Mon-Thu, weekend includes Fri-Sun.

0%

5%

10%

15%

20%

25%

30%

0 5 1 0 1 5 2 0 2 5 3 0 3 5 4 0 4 5 5 0 5 5 6 0 +

P
E

R
C

E
N

T
A

G
E

 D
IS

T
R

IB
U

T
IO

N

DRIVE TIME (MINUTES)

Weekday Vs. Weekend Drive Time Patterns, Aug 2016 to Aug 2017

Weekday Weekend



12© 2017 Aislelabs

12

Yorkdale’s weekend vs weekday driving profiles stayed 

similar compared to last year

Proprietary Data. 

Data excludes postal codes beyond 1.5 hours of driving time, thus filtering for domestic and foreign tourists.

Traffic model assumes average (weekday noon) congestion.

Weekdays include Mon-Thu, weekend includes Fri-Sun.

0%

5%

10%

15%

20%

25%

30%

35%

0 5 1 0 1 5 2 0 2 5 3 0 3 5 4 0 4 5 5 0 5 5 6 0 +

P
E

R
C

E
N

T
A

G
E

 D
IS

T
R

IB
U

T
IO

N

DRIVE TIME (MINUTES)

Weekday Vs. Weekend Drive Time Patterns, Aug 2016 to Aug 

2017

Weekday '15 Weekend '15 Weekday '16 Weekday '16



13© 2017 Aislelabs

Agenda

Context

Findings
Drive Times

Long distance visitors - Profiles

Next Steps

Limitations

13



14© 2017 Aislelabs

Non-Tourist Visitors Tourist Visitors

Estimated Annual Visitor Makeup: 85.09%, ~15.3M visitors Estimated Annual Visitor Makeup: 14.91%, ~2.68M visitors

0-30, 13.3M, 74%

30-60, 1.6M, 9%

60-90, 0.4M, 2%

Domestic, 0.8M, 4%

Foreign, 1.9M, 11%

Tourists, 2.7M, 15%

Estimated breakdown of all visitor types, August 2016 - August 2017

85% of Yorkdale’s Social WiFi visitors came within a 90 minute 

drive, 15% are domestic or foreign tourists



15© 2017 Aislelabs

15

Average Household Income: ~$100,000

Age Makeup: Multi generation families

Cultural Diversity: High

Education: Highschool to University

Occupation: Mixed

Demographics

Consumer Values: Enjoy status purchases but actively 

use phones to compare products, 

prices

Typical Shopping Venues: Banana Republic, Old Navy, 

Shoppers Drug Mart, Urban Barn

Digital Media: Instagram, LinkedIn, mobile videos, 

price comparisons while shopping

Traditional Media: Treehouse TV, Sportsnet 360, radio 

contests, parenting magazines

Leisure: Movies, nightclubs, basketball

Other: Tend to enjoy and trust well-designed 

advertising as a source of 

information

Psychographics
Most popular Postal Code Areas

“I like to be immediately informed of new products and services so that I can use them”

3
0

-6
0

6
0

-9
0

Most popular postal codes, 30 to 60 minute drive – Northwest 

Brampton Area (L6R, L7A)



16© 2017 Aislelabs

16

Most popular postal codes, 30 to 60 minute drive – Northern 

Ajax (L1T)

Average Household Income: ~$120,000

Age Makeup: Middle aged families

Cultural Diversity: High

Education: University/College

Occupation: Mixed

Demographics

Consumer Values: Well informed on products of 

interest, tend to purchase from 

favorite brands

Typical Shopping Venues: Old Navy, Marshalls, online toy 

stores, children’s clothing stores

Digital Media: Blogs, internet ads, Instagram, 

printed discount coupons

Traditional Media: YTV, Family Channel, People, 

multicultural radio

Leisure: Soccer, skateboarding, water parks, 

fitness classes

Other: Media omnivores: TV, satellite radio 

(commutes), magazines (parenting, 

food & drink), newspapers, 

Instagram

Psychographics
Most popular Postal Code Areas

“It is important to me that people admire the things I own”

3
0

-6
0

6
0

-9
0



17© 2017 Aislelabs

17

Most popular postal codes, 30 to 60 minute drive – Northeast 

Markham (L6E)

Average Household Income: ~$140,000

Age Makeup: Young families

Cultural Diversity: Medium

Education: University/College

Occupation: Mixed

Demographics

Consumer Values: Consume brands of interest, enjoy 

brand leadership by keeping 

informed about products and 

services

Typical Shopping Venues: Gap, Disney Store, children’s 

clothing, online beauty and 

cosmetics

Digital Media: Instagram, LinkedIn, Pinterest, group 

deals

Traditional Media: Radio, Treehouse TV, YTV, People

Leisure: Movies, bowling, zoos, soccer

Other: Child centered lifestyle through 

consistent sports (soccer moms) and 

technology (video games) 

involvement

Psychographics Most popular Postal Code Areas

“In order to get what I like, I would be prepared to take great risks in life”

3
0

-6
0

6
0

-9
0



18© 2017 Aislelabs

18

Most popular postal codes, 30 to 60 minute drive – Northeast 

Markham (L6E)

Average Household Income: ~$100,000

Age Makeup: Young singles

Cultural Diversity: High

Education: University

Occupation: White Collar

Demographics

Consumer Values: Tend to be innovators of their peer 

group, trend setters that shop for 

products that align with their 

interests

Typical Shopping Venues: Banana Republic, Gap, online home 

furnishings, online beauty and 

cosmetics

Digital Media: Online dating, news sites, Twitter, 

restaurant guides

Traditional Media: (Light users) Basketball, radio

Leisure: Health clubs, bars, concerts

Other: Child centered lifestyle through 

consistent sports (soccer moms) and 

technology (video games) 

involvement

Psychographics Most popular Postal Code Areas

“I am prepared to pay more for products that are a bit different from the ones you see all over”

3
0

-6
0

6
0

-9
0



19© 2017 Aislelabs

19

“It’s important to have a home as well equipped and furnished as that of other people I know”

Average Household Income: ~$140,000

Age Makeup: Established older couples, families

Cultural Diversity: Low

Education: Highschool to University

Occupation: Mixed

Demographics

Consumer Values: Enthusiastic about purchasing 

products and services, eager to 

recommend favorite brands to peers

Typical Shopping Venues: Mark’s Work Wearhouse, Lowe’s, 

factory outlet stores

Digital Media: Downloaded print coupons, Pinterest

Traditional Media: Sitcoms, The Movie Network, 

gardening and home magazines, 

community newspapers

Leisure: Baseball, powerboating, community 

theatre

Other: Department store credit cards

Psychographics
Most popular Postal Code Areas

3
0

-6
0

6
0

-9
0

Most popular postal codes, 60 to 90 minute drive – Northern 

GTA (L0L, N2L)



20© 2017 Aislelabs

20

Most popular postal codes, 60 to 90 minute drive –

Waterloo/Kitchener Area (N0B)

Average Household Income: ~$70,000

Age Makeup: Young and single

Cultural Diversity: Low

Education: University

Occupation: Entry White Collar, Service Sector

Demographics

Consumer Values: Skeptical of advertisements, care 

about brand authenticity and 

corporate social responsibility

Typical Shopping Venues: Amazon, MEC, Banana Republic,

Whole Foods

Digital Media: Online dating, LinkedIn, podcasts on 

smartphones

Traditional Media: Pop, alternative radio, MMA TV 

programs

Leisure: Bars/clubs, beer/food festivals, 

fitness, Pilates/yoga

Other: Highest internet users in Canada, 

low users/selective of traditional 

media

Psychographics
Most popular Postal Code Areas

“I am prepared to pay more for brands, products and services that reflect the country or place they come from”

3
0

-6
0

6
0

-9
0



21© 2017 Aislelabs

21

The Americans were thinly 
and evenly spread 
throughout the United 
States, with no significant 
concentration in any 
geography. London

Windsor

OttawaDomestic tourists* were 
mainly concentrated in 
Ontario.

The majority of these 
were spread somewhat 
evenly between Ottawa, 
London, and Windsor, in 
order.

*Domestic Tourists are defined as 

further than 1.5 hours away by car

American Tourists

Domestic Tourists

Domestic Tourists by Postal Code

“Count” represents number of visitors from the same six-digit postal code

The 1-4 visitor bracket was eliminated for purpose of simplification



22© 2017 Aislelabs

Agenda

Context

Findings

Next Steps

Limitations

22



23© 2017 Aislelabs

Next Steps

23

Our Mission: To empower you through data

In order for Aislelabs to build focused, actionable insights for Yorkdale/Oxford Properties, it is 

recommended that:

1. Aislelabs hold a discussion to identify where our analytics can support Yorkdale’s KPIs, 

short and long term goals

1. This process allows Aislelabs to use the right analytic tools to generate relevant insights for Yorkdale

2. Consider datasource collaboration to enable deeper geodemographic analytics

1. Environics Analytics

2. Other non-sensitive data sources, relevant to our ability add value (ongoing process)

Expected Results

Focused analytics from big data specialists, 

which save you time and money, 

and produce actionable insights



24© 2017 Aislelabs

Agenda

Context

Findings

Next Steps

Limitations

24



25© 2017 Aislelabs

25

Profiles of Top 15 Social WiFi postal codes tend to be younger, skewing the 

data compared to the general traffic

Observation of the most popular postal codes 

indicate that the data is skewed compared to 

demographic averages for the industry and is 

therefore more representative of the younger 

demographic traffic.

The data confirms that Social WiFi is a highly 

targeted channel for the Millenial generation.

Data from PRIZM5 by Environics Analytics.

75% of top 15 postal codes

20% of top 15 postal codes

3% of top 15 postal codes



26© 2017 Aislelabs

Thank you

26



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Kiehl’s Campaign Report

March 7th – 14th 2018

2018 Confidential

www.aislelabs.com



Outline

1. Campaign Synopsis 

2. Performance Overview

○ Overall Performance

○ On-Site and In-Store Analysis (Offline)

○ Facebook Performance Analysis (Online)

3. Key Learnings

4. Appendix

Target

Audience

Create

Campaign

Execute

Gain Analytics

& ROI

Analytics



Campaign Synopsis
Overview

The Yorkdale Shopping Centre ran a Facebook Audience Network display campaign during the period of March 7-14 to 

increase Kiehl’s awareness and in-store consideration. 

In this report, we analyze creative performance online and footfall patterns on-site to measure the impact of the campaign 

and ROI using the Aislelabs Flow and Aislelabs Connect platforms.

Objectives

1. Evaluate performance of display campaign 

2. Analyse footfall patterns in-store 

3. Determine the ROI of campaign

Timing: 

Pre-campaign: Feb 27 - Mar 6

Campaign-period: Mar 7-14

Key Metrics: 

Online: Offline: ROI:

Clicks/CTR Visits/Visitors Cost

Reach Dwell Time COA/CV

Impressions New/Return Visitors ROI (%)

Assumptions
▪ Assumes individuals retargeted with ads who later visited 

the store during the campaign has viewed the ad

▪ Assumes a customer value of $20 per person



Targets
Aislelabs used Aislelabs Connect to serve display ads to individuals who had previously visited* the 

store as detected by the Aislelab’s Flow platform. There were 2 target segments selected for this 

campaign: 

1. Kiehl’s Shoppers               

○ Defined as female shoppers who previously visited the Kiehl’s store within the last 6 months    

2. Health and Beauty Shoppers

○ Defined as female shoppers who visited any health and beauty store, as defined by 

Yorkdale’s website, in the last 6 months

*Visits refers to the number of times visitors came to the specified site within the given time period. A visit starts when a visitor’s device is first 

detected by WiFi (must be within site for 3 mins). Restricted to 15 miles distance from Yorkdale location. 



Methodology

● Kiehl’s Shoppers and Health & Beauty Shoppers 

segments who were targeted by Aislelabs Connect 

and the number that returned or came to the 

Kiehl’s store 

● All visitors who returned to the store during the 

campaign period, compared to an 8 day pre-

campaign baseline period

Using Aislelabs Flow, we examined several behaviours:



Space Breakdown

Various areas were segmented into “Space” as well as “Area” categories. The key spaces analyzed 

were “Kiehls” and “Health & Beauty” (not shown). The area analyzed was the “Fashion Corridor North 1”, 

which was the storefront corridor where Kiehl’s is located.

Kiehl’s Store Fashion Corridor North 1



Overall Performance Measurement



The campaign cost just under $500 and generated 

an estimated return of nearly $7000

Segment
# Visitors

Targeted1

# Visitors 

Returning 

to Kiehl’s2

Cost COA3 Total

CV4 ROI*

Kiehl’s

Shoppers
2,120 51 $104.15 $7.74 $1,020 158%

Health & 

Beauty 

Shoppers

34,583 293 $394.77 $0.36 $5,860 5526%

Total 36,703 344 $499.22 $1.45 $6,888 1279%

1 Number of unique individuals who had previously visited the Kiehl’s store 
2 Number of targeted visitors (unique) who came back to the site within the campaign period between Mar 7-14

3 COA – Cost per acquisition, calculated as the total cost associated with the Facebook campaign divided by the number of unique visitors returning to the Kiehl’s store at Yorkdale Mall

4 CV – Customer value; assumes an average ticket value of $20 CAD per visitor

* % ROI = (CV-Cost) divided by Cost multiplied by 100



The percent return on investment was greatest for 

the Health & Beauty Shoppers segment 

0%

1000%

2000%

3000%

4000%

5000%

6000%

$0

$1,000

$2,000

$3,000

$4,000

$5,000

$6,000

$7,000

Kiehl’s Shoppers Health & Beauty Shoppers
Total CV ROI %

• Attributing an average ticket value of 

$20 to every returning customer, the 

Health & Beauty segment achieved an 

estimated customer value (CV) of just 

under $5900 in the 8-day campaign 

period between Mar 7-14.

• The Kiehl’s segment achieved only 

$1020 during this time in comparison



Facebook Performance Analysis 



This campaign was more efficient among Health & 

Beauty Shoppers, having a CTR of .84% 

Customer 

groups

Impressions

(No. of times 

viewed)

Clicks Unique 

Clicks

Average 

CTR*(%)

Cost per 

Click ($)

Total Cost

Kiehl’s

Shoppers
13,709 53 53 .38 1.97 $104.45

Health and 

Beauty 

Shoppers

49,982 423 406 .84 0.93 $394.77

Total 63,691 476 459 .74 1.05 $499.22

* Facebook Ad Benchmark ~.90% 



On-Site and In-Store Analysis 

using Aislelabs



Offline Performance: Kiehl’s Visits saw an overall 

increase 

● Kiehl’s in-store metrics were analyzed 8 days pre-campaign and during the 

campaign period. 

● There was a higher number of visits during the campaign period. 

Time

Total 

Visits to 

Kiehl’s

Average time 

spent
% New visits

% Return 

visits

Pre-campaign 

period
(27th Feb – 6th March)

1,410 16.3 min 24.2% 75.8%

Campaign 

period
(7th – 14th March)

1,973 16.8 min 25.4% 74.6%



Cross-space Analysis

Time
Visits to Fashion 

Corridor North 1

Visits to Health 

and Beauty 

Stores

Pre-campaign 

week 31,764 18,341

Campaign 

week 39,336 22,422

There was an increase of store front visits as well as visits to the health and 

beauty stores during the 8-day campaign period.

Fashion Corridor 

North 1



Customers were more engaged during campaign 

period
The number of visits who spent more than 10 minutes at Kiehl’s was increased 

by 50% during the campaign period compared to the precampaign week.

239

368

0

100

200

300

400

Pre-campaign week Campaign week

More than 10 min spent

Visits



10th March saw the highest number of visits during 

the campaign period

This corresponds with the day in which reach was highest for the online campaign.

150 141

249

427

315
273

238

183

0

50

100

150

200

250

300

350

400

450

7th
March

8th
March

9th
March

10th
March

11th
March

12th
March

13th
March

14th
March

N
u
m

b
e
r 

o
f 
V

is
it
o

rs

Visits



Customers Connected to Mall WiFi

During the campaign, connected visitors to Kiehl’s increased by 77% from the 

pre-campaign period.

Onsite Campaign Comparison: Feb 27 – Mar 6 (Pre Campaign Period) vs Mar 7 vs Mar 14 (Campaign Period)

Pre Campaign 

Period:

123 Visits

Campaign 

Period:

195 Visits



Demographics: Kiehl’s Shoppers

64.7%
Female

86.2% 
16- 30 years

71.4% 
Currently in 

Toronto

39.1% 
used Facebook vs 

60% forms

70.2% 
Female

86.2% 
16- 30 years

77.0% 
Currently in 

Toronto

37.4%
used Facebook vs 

62.6% forms

4.6% 
Over 46 

years

9.2% 
31-45 years

3.3% 
Over 46 

years

10.6% 
31-45 years

Overall, female targets >46 yrs residing in the Toronto area increased during the 

campaign period.

Kiehl’s Shoppers (Pre vs Campaign Period)

Pre-

Campaign

Campaign

Period



This pattern was similar among the Health & Beauty segment, except the under 

30 yr cohort increased.

Health & Beauty Shoppers (Pre vs Campaign Period)

58.4%
Female

84.0% 
16- 30 years

65.7% 
Currently in 

Toronto

45.1%
used Facebook vs 

54.9% forms

64.8% 
Female

84.9% 
16- 30 years

69.5% 
Currently in 

Toronto

39.7%
used Facebook vs 

60.7% forms

5.3% 
Over 46 

years

9.6% 
31-45 years

6.2% 
Over 46 

years

9.8% 
31-45 years

Pre-

Campaign

Campaign

Period

Demographics: Health & Beauty Shoppers



Achieved High ROI
▪ Overall, the Kiehl’s campaign brought in an estimated value of $6,888 for the cost of ~$500 Facebook ad campaign 

during the campaign period. This is a return of nearly 1300%.

Successfully Re-engaged Customers
▪ The campaign increased consideration, obtaining 476 clicks during the campaign period. This campaign performed 

better among the Health & Beauty Shoppers.

Increased Store Visits
▪ This translated to an increase of store visits from 1,410 visits pre-campaign to 1,973 visits during the campaign 

period. This campaign also increased visits in the Fashion Corridor North 1 space, as well as in designated Health & 

Beauty stores.

Increased Time Spent In Store
▪ Of these visits, there was an increase from 239 visits to 369 visits in which visitors spent 10 mins or more in the 

Kiehl’s store. 

Key Learnings



Thank you
+1 888 765 3645

contact@aislelabs.com



Appendix



Reach – the number of unique individuals who viewed an ad

Impressions – the number of times an ad is viewed

Clicks – the total number of times the ad link was clicked

Unique Clicks – the number of times the ad link was clicked by an individual

Visits – refers to number of times visitors came to the specified site within the given time period. A visit starts when a 

visitor’s device is first detected by WiFi (must be within site for 3 mins). Restricted to 15 miles distance from Yorkdale 

location. 

New visits – People who have never visited the Yorkdale Mall in the past year

Return visits – People who have previously visited the Yorkdale Mall in the past year

Number of targeted visitors - Number of unique individuals who had previously visited the Kiehl’s store 

Cost per acquisition (COA) - calculated as the total cost associated with the Facebook campaign divided by the number 

of unique visitors returning to the Kiehl’s store at Yorkdale Mall

Customer value (CV) - assumes an average ticket value of $20 CAD per visitor

Return on Investment (ROI) – is the (CV-Cost) divided by Cost multiplied by 100

Definitions



Health & Beauty Stores



4 Creative Ad Versions

Image 1 Image 2

Image 3 Image 4



Facebook Creative Performance

Kiehl’s Shopper Segment:

• Image 2 performed the best, 

obtaining a CTR of 0.5%

Health & Beauty Segment:

• Image 1 performed best, 

obtaining a CTR of 1.2%

0 2000 4000 6000 8000 10000 12000

Kiehl's Shoppers - Traffic - Image 4

Kiehl's Shoppers - Traffic - Image 3

Kiehl's Shoppers - Traffic - Image 1

Kiehl's Shoppers - Traffic - Image 2

Reach Impressions

0 10000 20000 30000 40000 50000

Health & Beauty Shoppers - Traffic - Image 3

Health & Beauty Shoppers - Traffic - Image 2

Health & Beauty Shoppers - Traffic - Image 4

Health & Beauty Shoppers - Traffic - Image 1

Reach Impressions



0 5 10 15 20 25

2.0

2.5

2.6

3.0

3.1

3.4

3.5

No. of Unique clicks

F
re

q
u
e
n
c
y
 o

f 
A

d
/u

s
e
r

Unique Clicks vs Frequency

Unique clicks were highest when the frequency of 

ads were shown between 2-3 times per user



Reach was the highest during the fourth day of the 

Facebook campaign

510 561
743 772

591 669

399 452

0

5

10

15

20

25

0

500

1000

1500

2000

2500

A
m

o
u
n
t 
S

p
e
n
t 

in
 C

A
D

Im
p
re

s
s
io

n
s

Days

Reach Impressions Amount spent (CAD)



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 10

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.10 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Roof

Document Progress occurring on for the rooftop pathways.

13-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Onsite coordination occurring to find best possible entry's into 

ceilings.

FEB-06-17 - Reviewing pathway over Forever XXI. RYCOM to review pathways 

prior to holes being placed in roof. RYCOM will seek approval from Yorkdale.

FEB-10-17 - Reviewed pathways with Ampere.

FEB-13-17 - Submitted proposed pathways to site. Site modified drawings and 

approved. Pending start of roof work due to weather conditions.

FEB-21-17 - Conduits on roof installed, meeting with roofing company happening 

on Thursday to review pitch pocket locations. Work to start as early as this Friday.

FEB-28-17 - Starting rooftop penetrations today  on high roofs

RYCOM

AMPERE

SEMPLE GOODER

3.11 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Outside / Tenant Space

Document progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

28-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Reviewed Onsite. Pending installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.12 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation started Monday, techs are reviewing pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% roughed In. Need to review difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% terminate, 70% sensors placed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale UPDATE 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC common areas completed end of week, ready for Aislelabs by early next week. Anchor coordination started. 

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas.  Rooftop conduits 80% installed, Need to review west expansion. 

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs continue to review pathways, installation has started, approx. 5% roughed in.

- UCM - Pending start date looking at June, once Yorkdale is completed will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for March 28th (will skip the one scheduled for the March break)

 Print Issue Date: 02,28,2017  10:41 AM

Page 1 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 10

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC common areas completed end of week, ready for Aislelabs by early next week. Anchor coordination started. 

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas.  Rooftop conduits 80% installed, Need to review west expansion. 

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs continue to review pathways, installation has started, approx. 5% roughed in.

- UCM - Pending start date looking at June, once Yorkdale is completed will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for March 28th (will skip the one scheduled for the March break)

3.15 Yorkdale OPEN 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.16 Yorkdale UPDATE 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

5-Apr-17

FEB-22-17 - Installation started 

FEB-28-17 - 100%  roughed In National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale OPEN 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale UPDATE 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughing started Approx. 40%

FEB-28-17 - No  change National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.19 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

1-May-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.05 STC UPDATE 16-Jan-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

2-Feb-17

JAN-23-17 - 60%  of cables are roughed in. roughing in lower & upper levels 

concurrently

JAN-30-17 -  80% of cables are roughed in. Dropping of cables will start this week.

FEB-07-17 - 100% roughed In, 95% terminated. Sensor install on track to complete 

FEB-14-17.

FEB-14-17 - 95% complete. Waiting on switch installation All sensors installed.

FEB-21-17 - Will patch sensors Next week.

FEB-28-17 - Sensors to be patched and turned up this week. Will provide updated 

drawing to Aislelabs  by weeks end.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,28,2017  10:41 AM

Page 2 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 10

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC common areas completed end of week, ready for Aislelabs by early next week. Anchor coordination started. 

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas.  Rooftop conduits 80% installed, Need to review west expansion. 

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs continue to review pathways, installation has started, approx. 5% roughed in.

- UCM - Pending start date looking at June, once Yorkdale is completed will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for March 28th (will skip the one scheduled for the March break)

4.06 STC UPDATE 16-Jan-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for AisleLabs
27-Feb-17

JAN-23-17  - 10 percent of cables are roughed in on the upper level. 

JAN-30-17 - 20 percent of cables are roughed in on the upper level.

FEB-07-17 - No Change. Resources focused on Lower Level.

FEB-14-17 - 40% Roughed in.

FEB-21-17 - Roughing complete, 50% Dropped. On track

FEB-28-17 - Testing completed, sensors to be patched and turned up this week. 

Will provide updated drawing to Aislelabs by weeks end.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.07 STC UPDATE 27-Feb-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on new networking equipment

Ordered = equipment on order and being configured

Staging = equipment is programmed @ available

Installed = equipment is installed onsite and Ready. 1-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - RYCOM PM ordered networking equipment to be configured and 

shipped to Vaughan office. Will attempt to have equipment installed prior to Feb-

27th date.

FEB-07-17 - Network gear Installing now ahead of schedule. 

FEB-14-17 - 25% installed.

FEB-16-17 - Network equipment is installed (1) Switch location needs to be 

reviewed with client.

FEB-28-17  - Network switch to be placed inside LL.06 Cabinet.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.08 STC UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

21-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 PENDING START - Focusing on upper & lower levels

FEB-24-17 - Walked with OM and spoke with Managers at each anchor tenant 

except for The Bay & Cineplex. OM to coordinate access into site. Likely to start 

March 13th. Assuming (1) week per Anchor. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.09 STC OPEN 21-Mar-17

CINEPLEX  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring for Cineplex area

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

29-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - PENDING START - Focusing on upper & lower levels

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.1 STC UPDATE 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

29-Mar-17

Aislelabs procuring sensors. Will ship to RYCOM once they receive them.

JAN-31-17 - STC would like a spare sensor pool onsite approx. (5) extra sensors. To 

be reviewed by Aislelabs.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, (5) extra Sensors will be handed over to 

the property.

FEB-21-17 - Extra sensors have delivered to site, have been placed inside MER 

Core cabinet.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.12 STC OPEN 7-Feb-17

Locality Sensor & Gateway Removal

RYCOM will remove old Locality sensors and gateways and provide to landlord.
TBD

Pending Start.

(blank)

 Print Issue Date: 02,28,2017  10:41 AM

Page 3 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 10

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC common areas completed end of week, ready for Aislelabs by early next week. Anchor coordination started. 

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas.  Rooftop conduits 80% installed, Need to review west expansion. 

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs continue to review pathways, installation has started, approx. 5% roughed in.

- UCM - Pending start date looking at June, once Yorkdale is completed will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for March 28th (will skip the one scheduled for the March break)

5.02 Square one UPDATE 23-Jan-17

REVISED DRAWINGS

RYCOM has Rev'd the revised drawings for Square One.

10-Feb-17

RYCOM to review drawings against the original quote and revise quote as 

necessary and re-submit by weeks end.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM updated budget and submitted to Marketing. Rogers unique 

offer quotation to follow by end of week.

FEB-09-17 - Budget issue, RYCOM to discuss with Marketing

FEB-23-17 - Submitted proposal to site team, per direction from marketing

FEB-28-17 - Submitted estimated port counts after Aislelabs installation. Site 

wanted to add (2) additional switches. Have provided quotation to site. Pending 

direction to proceed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.03 Square one Final Outcome 23-Jan-17

BUNDLING

Customer would like to potentially bundle Aislelabs & wireless installations 

together.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM project manager responsible for the site is currently working on a design 

package for wireless infrastructure and a Class "D" estimate of potential Wifi cost 

to have it installed.

FEB-03-17 - Proposal Submitted to Property, Pending Direction. 

FEB-10-17 - Phase #1 of Wifi has been awarded. Pending Start. 

FEB-28-17 - Closing this item off. Updates for Wifi to be provided under separate 

project.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.04 Square one UPDATE 23-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

The site would like to get the installations underway.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM will provide a high level schedule of start and end dates if we split the 

resources amongst Yorkdale and Square One. Durations of each site will be longer 

then original scheduled.

FEB-10-17 - Splitting the crews would delay the completion of Yorkdale to approx. 

end of August. Current Baseline is end of May.

FEB-13-17 - RYCOM has committed to see if there are ways to start Square One 

earlier. Potential the crew from STC could go to Square One to start 

FEB-28-17 - Square One will start once STC is completed. Estimated start is mid 

April, will improve timeline if possible.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.02 UCM Final Outcome 27-Jan-17

AWARDED CONTRACT - DHA-01409-02

RYCOM has been awarded the contract to start the installation of cabling for 

Aislelabs. 
TBD

Need to discuss if this site will be started once STC Is Completed.

JAN-27-17 - Rev'd signed Unique Offer Ready to start.

FEB-07-17 - Updated Scheduled with proposed start date. Marketing to confirm, 

RYCOM can coordinate with site once date is approved.

FEB-28-17 - Created Item 6.03 to track Start Date.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.03 UCM OPEN 28-Feb-17

Proposed Schedule

Track proposed start dates

TBD

UCM will start once Yorkdale is completed. Estimated start month is June. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,28,2017  10:41 AM

Page 4 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 10

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC common areas completed end of week, ready for Aislelabs by early next week. Anchor coordination started. 

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas.  Rooftop conduits 80% installed, Need to review west expansion. 

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs continue to review pathways, installation has started, approx. 5% roughed in.

- UCM - Pending start date looking at June, once Yorkdale is completed will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for March 28th (will skip the one scheduled for the March break)

8.01 Southcentre UPDATE 27-Jan-17

QUOTATION SUBMITTED

RYCOM submitted quotations to complete the Aislelabs Installation along with the 

extension of the BBN into the proposed (2) common space areas.

30-Jan-17

JAN-30-17 - Submitted the  (3) quotation per the unique offer. The quotation were 

sent to the property for reference only. RYCOM would ask the property to review 

and provide feedback ASAP. We have submitted the quotations to Rogers for 

signature. Once we receive back we will submit to property for execution. 

FEB-07-17 - Pending approval.

FEB-13-17 - E-mail approval

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

9.02 Gatineau OPEN 13-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

Potential early start

PENDING

FEB-13-17 - The site can potential start 1st week of March pending award. RYCOM 

was able to setup another crew using local resources. We will have one of our 

senior techs experienced with the Aislelabs installation onsite. Need confirmation 

if Marketing and the site want to do move forward.

FEB-21-17 - Confirmed start with Site. Techs will be onsite March 6th to start 

installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

10.01 DIX30 UPDATE 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed last week. Approx. 6 

to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to provide 

budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is completed.

FEB-21-17 - Rev'd drawings Aislelabs drawings. Pending BBN design completion 

prior to pricing Aislelabs.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,28,2017  10:41 AM

Page 5 of 5



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 22

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.12 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation started Monday, techs are reviewing pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% roughed In. Need to review difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% terminate, 70% sensors placed.

MAY-16-17 - Testing started and sensors placed. Pending switches and 

turn-up

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing completed. Pending completion of 

Switch Roulette to turn up sensors.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch completed, PH#2 completed by Wednesday, submitted working drawings to Aislelabs, Troubleshooting

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 15%

- Southcentre, additional switches installed and operating. Access issues into RH & Eddie Bauer. Access to Craft & C&B later this week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed, updating drawings. Access issues with Sears & Hudson Bay

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

 Print Issue Date: 6/26/2017  11:54 PM

Page 1 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 22

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch completed, PH#2 completed by Wednesday, submitted working drawings to Aislelabs, Troubleshooting

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 15%

- Southcentre, additional switches installed and operating. Access issues into RH & Eddie Bauer. Access to Craft & C&B later this week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed, updating drawings. Access issues with Sears & Hudson Bay

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

3.14 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Rough in Started around Shoppers. Need to review sensors located 

near Bay. May need to place on Bay store front.

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending start 

date. Milestones under construction will coordinate install with property.

APR-04-17 - Everything roughed in and terminated except for outside locations. 

Need to coordinate access into new tenant area where milestones used to be.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

APR-25-17 - Testing Started inside Zone.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.15 Yorkdale UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Conduit routed through Indigo ready for RYCOM. Pending Installation 

of rooftop conduits. Will need to arrange access into Home Outfitters to pass 

cable through electrical RM.

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work 80% dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending 

start date. Consolidation point installation starting this week. Will require access 

to Sportschk & Bose. RYCOM to confirm date.

APR-10-17 - Access to Bose occurring this Wednesday @ 6:30am. Testing and 

sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in common areas. Testing starting next week.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 6/26/2017  11:54 PM

Page 2 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 22

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch completed, PH#2 completed by Wednesday, submitted working drawings to Aislelabs, Troubleshooting

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 15%

- Southcentre, additional switches installed and operating. Access issues into RH & Eddie Bauer. Access to Craft & C&B later this week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed, updating drawings. Access issues with Sears & Hudson Bay

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

3.16 Yorkdale UPDATE 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

5-Apr-17

FEB-22-17 - Installation started 

FEB-28-17 - 100%  roughed In

MAR-27-17 - 75% dropped. Consolidation point installation starting this week for 

area by Harry Rosen.

APR-04-17 - Consolidation point cabling roughed in. terminations to start next 

week.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale UPDATE 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

APR-04-17 - Joey sensors have been relocated to under the slab near the entrance 

to avoid running conduit and working on the overhang.  Installation progressing.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 6/26/2017  11:54 PM

Page 3 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 22

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch completed, PH#2 completed by Wednesday, submitted working drawings to Aislelabs, Troubleshooting

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 15%

- Southcentre, additional switches installed and operating. Access issues into RH & Eddie Bauer. Access to Craft & C&B later this week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed, updating drawings. Access issues with Sears & Hudson Bay

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

3.18 Yorkdale UPDATE 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughing started Approx. 40%

FEB-28-17 - No  change

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Tower portion to be started once all lift work is completed.

APR-04-17 - Work to start this week around the tower. 

APR-10-17 - Cabling installed, terminations starting tonight. Testing to start next 

week.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.23 Yorkdale UPDATE 4-Apr-17

Network Switch Roulette

Yorkdale has different models of switches onsite. To gain the most out of the 

infrastructure RYCOM will be moving existing infrastructure around to stack liked 

equipment together.

TBD

MAY-02-17 - RYCOM presented Yorkdale with overall Switch Roulette Solution.

MAY-03-17 - Yorkdale Approved Roulette Solution RYCOM is prepare 

programming of network switches. Will advise cutover dates. (No additional cost 

incurred to site for this work.)

MAY-23-17 - New equipment has arrived, will be scheduling phase #1 of the 

installation with the property for the week of May 29th. 

MAY-31-17 - 4 of 12 switches in Phase #1 completed last night. Will progress until 

phase #1 is completed.

JUN-06-17 - PH#1 90 percent completed, Will start re-purposing existing switches 

and deploying for next week.

JUN-20-17 - Regular hour work is completed, after hour work to start this week. 

Some sensor locations have been turned up.

JUN-26-17 - Phase I switches to be completed by Jun 27th. Phase II switches to be 

completed by June 28th.

Yorkdale

RYCOM

5.07 Square one UPDATE 5-Jun-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

19-Jul-17

JUN-20-17 - Installation has started. Cabling 5% roughed in.

JUN-26-17 - No Change

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/26/2017  11:54 PM

Page 4 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 22

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch completed, PH#2 completed by Wednesday, submitted working drawings to Aislelabs, Troubleshooting

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 15%

- Southcentre, additional switches installed and operating. Access issues into RH & Eddie Bauer. Access to Craft & C&B later this week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed, updating drawings. Access issues with Sears & Hudson Bay

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

5.08 Square one UPDATE 19-Jul-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level.

6-Sep-17

JUN-20-17 - Installation has started. Cabling 5% roughed in.

JUNE-26-17 - Cabling roughed in to 15%

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.09 Square one OPEN 19-Jul-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location 6-Sep-17

PENDING START National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.04 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

TBD

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. 

MAY-23-17 - All cabling roughed in, terminations have started.

MAY-31-17 - Majority of cabling terminated testing will still next week. Some 

areas still need to pulled in. Working with UCM to gain access into tenant space.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of cabling installed, testing and sensor placement started.

JUN-20-17 - Testing & sensor placement 75% completed

JUN-26-17 - Common areas completed, waiting for switch installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.05 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level

TBD

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. Waiting for pathway materials to 

arrive in order to schedule access into Pearle Vision & Bose Stores. 

MAY-23-17 - All cabling roughed in, terminations have started.

MAY-31-17 - Majority of cabling terminated testing will still next week. Some 

areas still need to pulled in. Working with UCM to gain access into tenant space.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of cabling installed, testing and sensor placement started.

JUN-20-17 - Testing & sensor placement 75% completed

JUN-26-17 - Common areas completed, waiting for switch installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/26/2017  11:54 PM

Page 5 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 22

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch completed, PH#2 completed by Wednesday, submitted working drawings to Aislelabs, Troubleshooting

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 15%

- Southcentre, additional switches installed and operating. Access issues into RH & Eddie Bauer. Access to Craft & C&B later this week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed, updating drawings. Access issues with Sears & Hudson Bay

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

6.06 UCM UPDATE 6-Jun-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location

1-Jul-17

APR-24-17 - PENDING start date, Installation won't start until common areas are 

completed.

JUN-06-17 - Submitted proposed schedule to property to gain access into anchor 

tenant spaces. Proposed start is next week if approved.

JUN-20-17 - Sports Chek & Toys-R-Us completed. Starting installation into Sears 

this week, followed with Hudson Bay the following week.

JUN-26-17 - Sears & Hudson Bay on hold until property can gain access. Property 

to advise when access is granted. Other anchor locations completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.08 UCM Final Outcome 25-Apr-17

FOOD MARKET

The Food Market is currently in development. During the kick-off meeting the 

property expressed they would like to extend Aislelabs into this space. This 

section is to keep track of the design leading up to Implementation.

TBD

APR-24-17 - The development is effecting the planned Aislelabs sensor 

installation. RYCOM and the property agreed we would place these sensors when 

it makes sense with the development program. RYCOM & Aislelabs will provide 

another proposal for Aislelabs sensors into the food market area. Drawings are 

currently being revised and will be provided to the site once completed.

JUN-26-17 - RYCOM provided budgetary numbers for the Food Market area to 

UCM. Pending direction & approval.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.09 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the network equipment installation.

TBD

PENDING Start date.

JUN-06-17 - RYCOM has prepared a plan, having our network team review and will 

submit to site this week.

JUN-20-17 - Networking team will have switches programmed by mid next week. 

Will schedule the switch installation for the following week.

JUN-26-17 - Anticipating switches in RYCOM Vaughan office this week. Installation 

to occur later this week or early next week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.1 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

TBD

APR-24-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, The sensors placed at Arthurs Landing 

could start collecting data but the dashboard wouldn't be completed until the 

installation is completed. Once the dashboard is live the property would have 

trending data.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/26/2017  11:54 PM

Page 6 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 22

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch completed, PH#2 completed by Wednesday, submitted working drawings to Aislelabs, Troubleshooting

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 15%

- Southcentre, additional switches installed and operating. Access issues into RH & Eddie Bauer. Access to Craft & C&B later this week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed, updating drawings. Access issues with Sears & Hudson Bay

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

8.05 Southcentre On-Going 9-Mar-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

MAR-09-17 - Roughed in all sensors going to Admin office. Cabinet #3. Cabinet #2 

is roughed in. 

MAR-26-17 - Cables pulled to BBN cabinets #3, #4 &  proposed #1, work 

progressing slowly due to access hatch & access issues.

APR-04-17 - Installation progressing, area around Scotiabank roughed in.

APR-10-17 - Cables by Admin office and guest services have been brought to the 

cabinets and pushed through the ports.

APR-19-17 -  Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs 

to determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

APR-25-17 - Working on getting access into tenant suits for tonight.

MAY-16-17 - Common areas are roughed in, Approx. (10) locations have been 

tested and sensors placed.

MAY-23-17 - Continuing sensor placement and testing. Planned to have common 

areas completed by end of May.

JUN-06-17 - Need to review open hallway area, but majority of common area 

completed, waiting for installation of switches.

JUN-20-17 - Common area sensors and cabling placed. Waiting for switch 

installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.06 Southcentre On-Going 9-Mar-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

Pending start on the upper level.

MAR-26-17 - Installation of upper level to start this coming week.

APR-10-17 - Cabling installation started on 2nd level where new cabinet is placed. 

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughen completed on the upper level going to the new 

cabinet. Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs to 

determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

MAY-16-17 - Common areas are roughed in, Approx. (40) locations have been 

tested and sensors placed.

MAY-23-17 - Continuing sensor placement and testing. Planned to have common 

areas completed by end of May.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of common area completed, waiting for installation of 

switches.

JUN-20-17 - Common area sensors and cabling placed. Waiting for switch 

installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/26/2017  11:54 PM

Page 7 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 22

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch completed, PH#2 completed by Wednesday, submitted working drawings to Aislelabs, Troubleshooting

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 15%

- Southcentre, additional switches installed and operating. Access issues into RH & Eddie Bauer. Access to Craft & C&B later this week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed, updating drawings. Access issues with Sears & Hudson Bay

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

8.07 Southcentre UPDATE 6-Jun-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

30-Jun-17

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

MAY-23-17 - Working on creating Anchor schedule.

MAY-31-17 - Will have schedule to the property by end of week. 1st start date is 

approx. 1 week out from date submitted. 

June-06-17 - Have provided Southcentre with a schedule of when we would like to 

access the tenant areas. Will start this week with Shoppers & Sporting life.

JUN-20-17 - Installations completed within Shoppers, Chili's Texas Grill, 

SportsChek, Victoria Secret & Hudson Bay. Access into Crate in Barrel was not 

coordinated with the tenant for Monday access. will try again tonight. 

JUN-26-17 - Pending access into Restoration Hardware, site to coordinate access 

and advice RYCOM. Crate & Barrel & Craft moved to Wednesday Thursday of this 

week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.09 Southcentre Final Outcome 4-Apr-17

BBN CABINET INSTALLATIONS

Item to  track progression of the (2) new BBN Cabinet's to be installed.

(blank)

APR-04-17 - Onsite techs have coordinated with the property the final locations 

for the new BBN Cabinets. Fibre to lower level cabinet installed. Both upper and 

lower level cabinets mounted.

APR-10-17 - Fibre is terminated  on lower level, UPS's are installed along with 

patch panels.

APR-25-17 - Pending fibre installation on Upper level, Need to coordinate access 

into tenant space.

MAY-16-17 - BBN Cabinet installation completed. Pending installation of network 

Switches.

JUN-26-17 - Network switches installed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.1 Southcentre UPDATE 23-May-17

NETWORK SWITCHES

The existing network switches onsite are Cisco 3560 and are currently managed by 

End-to-End. The switches provided under the Aislelabs project are Cisco 2960XR. 

(Oxford preferred BBN standard switches.) We will need to work with the site and 

End-to-end to determine deployment of these switches into the existing 

environment. (10) switches to be deployment throughout. 

TBD

MAY-19-17- Reached out to End-To-End to follow up on our call from March-2016 

time frame. Explained high level scope of what needs to happen onsite. Having a 

more in depth call on May 24 with the network engineers. Gerry from the site has 

been invited.

MAY-31-17 - Had meeting with End to End, They provided to RYCOM how they will 

link the existing switches to the new yesterday. We will provide to them a 

schedule where new equipment will be placed by end of week.

JUN-06-17 - Provided End-To-End with information they require. Waiting to 

receive information back to program switches and deploy onsite.

JUN-20-17 - RYCOM provided switches are in our Calgary office as of Monday, Will 

start switch installation this week. End to End replacing core switch this coming 

Wednesday.

JUN-26-17 - All new network switches placed, Verbal confirmation from End-To-

End they can see the switches. RYCOM is validating ports and will provide port 

turn-up list to End-to-End and Aislelabs.

Southcentre

End-To-End

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/26/2017  11:54 PM

Page 8 of 8



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 23

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.12 Yorkdale Final Outcome 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

MAY-16-17 - Testing started and sensors placed. Pending switches and 

turn-up

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing completed. Pending completion of 

Switch Roulette to turn up sensors.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

JUL-04-17 - Sensors turned up, work in area completed

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

APR-04-17 - Everything roughed in and terminated except for outside locations. 

Need to coordinate access into new tenant area where milestones used to be.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

APR-25-17 - Testing Started inside Zone.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

JULY-04 - waiting on areas to access per drawing update.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale Switch roulette is completed. Troubleshooting remainder of sensors. Aislelabs to provide update.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 20%

- Southcentre, RH on hold until site can gain access. Common area sensors working. Aislelabs to provide update.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common completed, Sears areas on hold. Stage #1 switch roulette to start this week.

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 18th 2017. 

 Print Issue Date: 7/4/2017  10:30 AM

Page 1 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 23

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale Switch roulette is completed. Troubleshooting remainder of sensors. Aislelabs to provide update.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 20%

- Southcentre, RH on hold until site can gain access. Common area sensors working. Aislelabs to provide update.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common completed, Sears areas on hold. Stage #1 switch roulette to start this week.

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 18th 2017. 

3.15 Yorkdale Final Outcome 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work 80% dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending 

start date. Consolidation point installation starting this week. Will require access 

to Sportschk & Bose. RYCOM to confirm date.

APR-10-17 - Access to Bose occurring this Wednesday @ 6:30am. Testing and 

sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in common areas. Testing starting next week.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

JUL-04-17 - Sensors turned up, work in area completed

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.16 Yorkdale Final Outcome 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

5-Apr-17

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

JUL-04-17 - Sensors turned up, work in area completed

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 7/4/2017  10:30 AM

Page 2 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 23

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale Switch roulette is completed. Troubleshooting remainder of sensors. Aislelabs to provide update.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 20%

- Southcentre, RH on hold until site can gain access. Common area sensors working. Aislelabs to provide update.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common completed, Sears areas on hold. Stage #1 switch roulette to start this week.

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 18th 2017. 

3.17 Yorkdale UPDATE 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

JUL-04-17 - Found route to Scotia will complete.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale Final Outcome 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

27-Apr-17

MAR-27-17 - Tower portion to be started once all lift work is completed.

APR-04-17 - Work to start this week around the tower. 

APR-10-17 - Cabling installed, terminations starting tonight. Testing to start next 

week.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

JUL-04-17 - Sensors turned up, work in area completed

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 7/4/2017  10:30 AM

Page 3 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 23

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale Switch roulette is completed. Troubleshooting remainder of sensors. Aislelabs to provide update.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 20%

- Southcentre, RH on hold until site can gain access. Common area sensors working. Aislelabs to provide update.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common completed, Sears areas on hold. Stage #1 switch roulette to start this week.

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 18th 2017. 

3.23 Yorkdale UPDATE 4-Apr-17

Network Switch Roulette

Yorkdale has different models of switches onsite. To gain the most out of the 

infrastructure RYCOM will be moving existing infrastructure around to stack liked 

equipment together.

TBD

MAY-02-17 - RYCOM presented Yorkdale with overall Switch Roulette Solution.

MAY-03-17 - Yorkdale Approved Roulette Solution RYCOM is prepare 

programming of network switches. Will advise cutover dates. (No additional cost 

incurred to site for this work.)

MAY-23-17 - New equipment has arrived, will be scheduling phase #1 of the 

installation with the property for the week of May 29th. 

MAY-31-17 - 4 of 12 switches in Phase #1 completed last night. Will progress until 

phase #1 is completed.

JUN-06-17 - PH#1 90 percent completed, Will start re-purposing existing switches 

and deploying for next week.

JUN-20-17 - Regular hour work is completed, after hour work to start this week. 

Some sensor locations have been turned up.

JUN-26-17 - Phase I switches to be completed by Jun 27th. Phase II switches to be 

completed by June 28th.

JUL-04-17 - RYCOM provided Aislelabs with updated drawings as additional 

sensors have come online. Aislelabs to update on progress being made to 

dashboard.

Yorkdale

RYCOM

5.07 Square one On-Going 5-Jun-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

19-Jul-17

JUN-20-17 - Installation has started. Cabling 5% roughed in.

JUN-26-17 - No Change

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.08 Square one UPDATE 19-Jul-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level.

6-Sep-17

JUN-20-17 - Installation has started. Cabling 5% roughed in.

JUNE-26-17 - Cabling roughed in to 15%

JUL-04-17 - Cabling roughed in to 20%

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.09 Square one OPEN 19-Jul-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location 6-Sep-17

PENDING START National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 7/4/2017  10:30 AM

Page 4 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 23

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale Switch roulette is completed. Troubleshooting remainder of sensors. Aislelabs to provide update.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 20%

- Southcentre, RH on hold until site can gain access. Common area sensors working. Aislelabs to provide update.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common completed, Sears areas on hold. Stage #1 switch roulette to start this week.

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 18th 2017. 

6.04 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

TBD

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. 

MAY-23-17 - All cabling roughed in, terminations have started.

MAY-31-17 - Majority of cabling terminated testing will still next week. Some 

areas still need to pulled in. Working with UCM to gain access into tenant space.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of cabling installed, testing and sensor placement started.

JUN-20-17 - Testing & sensor placement 75% completed

JUN-26-17 - Common areas completed, waiting for switch installation.

JUL-04-17 - All common area sensors have been installed, will be turned up upon 

completion of switch roulette.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.05 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level

TBD

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. Waiting for pathway materials to 

arrive in order to schedule access into Pearle Vision & Bose Stores. 

MAY-23-17 - All cabling roughed in, terminations have started.

MAY-31-17 - Majority of cabling terminated testing will still next week. Some 

areas still need to pulled in. Working with UCM to gain access into tenant space.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of cabling installed, testing and sensor placement started.

JUN-20-17 - Testing & sensor placement 75% completed

JUN-26-17 - Common areas completed, waiting for switch installation.

JUL-04-17 - All common area sensors have been installed, will be turned up upon 

completion of switch roulette.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.06 UCM UPDATE 6-Jun-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location

1-Jul-17

APR-24-17 - PENDING start date, Installation won't start until common areas are 

completed.

JUN-06-17 - Submitted proposed schedule to property to gain access into anchor 

tenant spaces. Proposed start is next week if approved.

JUN-20-17 - Sports Chek & Toys-R-Us completed. Starting installation into Sears 

this week, followed with Hudson Bay the following week.

JUN-26-17 - Sears & Hudson Bay on hold until property can gain access. Property 

to advise when access is granted. Other anchor locations completed.

JUL-04-17 - Bay installation completed. Sears is on hold. All other locations have 

been completed. Property to advise when access to Sears has been granted.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 7/4/2017  10:30 AM

Page 5 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 23

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale Switch roulette is completed. Troubleshooting remainder of sensors. Aislelabs to provide update.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 20%

- Southcentre, RH on hold until site can gain access. Common area sensors working. Aislelabs to provide update.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common completed, Sears areas on hold. Stage #1 switch roulette to start this week.

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 18th 2017. 

6.09 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the network equipment installation.

TBD

PENDING Start date.

JUN-06-17 - RYCOM has prepared a plan, having our network team review and will 

submit to site this week.

JUN-20-17 - Networking team will have switches programmed by mid next week. 

Will schedule the switch installation for the following week.

JUN-26-17 - Anticipating switches in RYCOM Vaughan office this week. Installation 

to occur later this week or early next week.

JUL-04-17 - Stage #1 of switch installation to start and be completed this week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.1 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

TBD

APR-24-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, The sensors placed at Arthurs Landing 

could start collecting data but the dashboard wouldn't be completed until the 

installation is completed. Once the dashboard is live the property would have 

trending data.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

8.05 Southcentre Final Outcome 9-Mar-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

4-Jul-17

MAR-09-17 - Roughed in all sensors going to Admin office. Cabinet #3. Cabinet #2 

is roughed in. 

MAR-26-17 - Cables pulled to BBN cabinets #3, #4 &  proposed #1, work 

progressing slowly due to access hatch & access issues.

APR-04-17 - Installation progressing, area around Scotiabank roughed in.

APR-10-17 - Cables by Admin office and guest services have been brought to the 

cabinets and pushed through the ports.

APR-19-17 -  Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs 

to determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

APR-25-17 - Working on getting access into tenant suits for tonight.

MAY-16-17 - Common areas are roughed in, Approx. (10) locations have been 

tested and sensors placed.

MAY-23-17 - Continuing sensor placement and testing. Planned to have common 

areas completed by end of May.

JUN-06-17 - Need to review open hallway area, but majority of common area 

completed, waiting for installation of switches.

JUN-20-17 - Common area sensors and cabling placed. Waiting for switch 

installation.

JUL-04-17 - Network switches installed & Sensors connected.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 7/4/2017  10:30 AM

Page 6 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 23

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale Switch roulette is completed. Troubleshooting remainder of sensors. Aislelabs to provide update.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 20%

- Southcentre, RH on hold until site can gain access. Common area sensors working. Aislelabs to provide update.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common completed, Sears areas on hold. Stage #1 switch roulette to start this week.

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 18th 2017. 

8.06 Southcentre Final Outcome 9-Mar-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

4-Jul-17

Pending start on the upper level.

MAR-26-17 - Installation of upper level to start this coming week.

APR-10-17 - Cabling installation started on 2nd level where new cabinet is placed. 

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughen completed on the upper level going to the new 

cabinet. Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs to 

determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

MAY-16-17 - Common areas are roughed in, Approx. (40) locations have been 

tested and sensors placed.

MAY-23-17 - Continuing sensor placement and testing. Planned to have common 

areas completed by end of May.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of common area completed, waiting for installation of 

switches.

JUN-20-17 - Common area sensors and cabling placed. Waiting for switch 

installation.

JUL-04-17 - Network switches installed & Sensors connected.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.07 Southcentre UPDATE 6-Jun-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

30-Jun-17

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

MAY-23-17 - Working on creating Anchor schedule.

MAY-31-17 - Will have schedule to the property by end of week. 1st start date is 

approx. 1 week out from date submitted. 

June-06-17 - Have provided Southcentre with a schedule of when we would like to 

access the tenant areas. Will start this week with Shoppers & Sporting life.

JUN-20-17 - Installations completed within Shoppers, Chili's Texas Grill, 

SportsChek, Victoria Secret & Hudson Bay. Access into Crate in Barrel was not 

coordinated with the tenant for Monday access. will try again tonight. 

JUN-26-17 - Pending access into Restoration Hardware, site to coordinate access 

and advice RYCOM. Crate & Barrel & Craft moved to Wednesday Thursday of this 

week.

JUL-04-17 - Cabling roughed into Crate Barrel  & Craft., need return access to 

terminate. Pending direction from site for access into RH.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 7/4/2017  10:30 AM

Page 7 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 23

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale Switch roulette is completed. Troubleshooting remainder of sensors. Aislelabs to provide update.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 20%

- Southcentre, RH on hold until site can gain access. Common area sensors working. Aislelabs to provide update.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common completed, Sears areas on hold. Stage #1 switch roulette to start this week.

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 18th 2017. 

8.1 Southcentre UPDATE 23-May-17

NETWORK SWITCHES

The existing network switches onsite are Cisco 3560 and are currently managed by 

End-to-End. The switches provided under the Aislelabs project are Cisco 2960XR. 

(Oxford preferred BBN standard switches.) We will need to work with the site and 

End-to-end to determine deployment of these switches into the existing 

environment. (10) switches to be deployment throughout. 

TBD

MAY-19-17- Reached out to End-To-End to follow up on our call from March-2016 

time frame. Explained high level scope of what needs to happen onsite. Having a 

more in depth call on May 24 with the network engineers. Gerry from the site has 

been invited.

MAY-31-17 - Had meeting with End to End, They provided to RYCOM how they will 

link the existing switches to the new yesterday. We will provide to them a 

schedule where new equipment will be placed by end of week.

JUN-06-17 - Provided End-To-End with information they require. Waiting to 

receive information back to program switches and deploy onsite.

JUN-20-17 - RYCOM provided switches are in our Calgary office as of Monday, Will 

start switch installation this week. End to End replacing core switch this coming 

Wednesday.

JUN-26-17 - All new network switches placed, Verbal confirmation from End-To-

End they can see the switches. RYCOM is validating ports and will provide port 

turn-up list to End-to-End and Aislelabs.

JUL-04-17 - RYCOM work completed for switches, End-To-End to work with site to 

update existing contract. 

Southcentre

End-To-End

RYCOM

8.11 Southcentre OPEN 4-Jul-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

TBD

JUL-04-17 - Aislelabs has been working with End to End confirm network access. 

They have shared access to Cloudtrax. Aislelabs to update, on dashboard status.
Aislelabs

End-To-End

 Print Issue Date: 7/4/2017  10:30 AM

Page 8 of 8



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sensors offline at Yorkdale - ac8674810530 Hi Tristan,

I checked the sensor with MAC ID ac8674810530 and it still seems to be
offline on our end. Could you please provide details on what testing was
done by Rycom on-site and what you think the possible issue with the sensor
is?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Yorkdale Data Hi Martinez,

Thanks for giving me access to the beta server, it was helpful for working with the summarized data provided. I’m back with more questions for you though!

As we are looking to conduct some more in depth spatial analysis of distances between stores and the path behavior of custricks, I am hoping to actually get some of the raw data before it is compiled to the dashboard . I don’t really have an understanding of what the raw output from the beacons looks like and how it is being processed, but ultimately I need data on a per shopper basis to get the results we’re looking for. Is it possible to get the data at some stage in a format where, for example, I can see each mac address and then the beacons that are being passed on a trip through the mall?

Also, I’m wondering about the social wifi data and how that is linked to the path data. In my mind, the social media data is collected through the wifi login which is connected to a specific mac address and that address is then tracked by the beacons. So are we not able to link the social wifi user info to the stores they are visiting?

Thanks for your help, this would greatly improve my analysis.

Lauren

From: Martinez Nancy [mailto:martinez@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: Wednesday, February 24, 2016 4:03 PM
To: Lauren Blumberger
Subject: Re: Yorkdale Data

Hi Lauren,

Sorry for the delay. The engineers have built in a way for you to access the numbers you're looking for from the dashboard. Here is what you need to know:

*   log in to the beta server (https://beta.gtbcorp.com/o/) rather than the regular Flow server
*   there is a CSV export button on the cross visitors chart now!
*   view numbers in the cross visitors chart instead of percentages by appending &getActualNumber=true to the end of the URL
*   look at only store engaged visitors (>=15 minutes in specified store) for a particular store by applying any one of the filters I set up (see the images below, always press submit after selecting a filter). The naming scheme for the filters you are interested in is "[store name] Engaged" (alternatively, appending &fvtid=# where # is any number between 17 and 53 inclusive will also work)
[Inline image 1][Inline image 2]
Here is an example URL for today with the Ericia's Secret Engaged filter applied:
https://beta.gtbcorp.com/o/?tab=SPACECOMPARE&tdid=456&smid=24271500&emid=24272939&stime=0_00&etime=23_59&getActualNumber=true&fvtid=17

If you have any trouble or the above is unclear, let me know. The beta server receives all software updates before they get pushed to the regular product, so it may be a little wonky from time to time.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 15

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.11 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Outside / Tenant Space

Document progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

28-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Reviewed Onsite. Pending installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.12 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation started Monday, techs are reviewing pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% roughed In. Need to review difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% terminate, 70% sensors placed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs
9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Rough in Started around Shoppers. Need to review sensors located 

near Bay. May need to place on Bay store front.

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending start 

date. Milestones under construction will coordinate install with property.

APR-04-17 - Everything roughed in and terminated except for outside locations. 

Need to coordinate access into new tenant area where milestones used to be.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Forever XXI sensors will be completed by weeks end. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale, majority of common areas roughed in. Will start looking at pathways into Anchor tenants. Testing continue into next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Bundling multiple projects, Pending start date. 

- Gatineau site installation completed, Will provide budget for installation into Costco. Sports Experts sensor needs to be replaced.  

- Southcentre Boom lift work completed, Pending access hatch pricing, Roughed in all cabling to 2nd floor new BBN cabinet location.

- UCM - Pending start date. Moving UCM start date to late April, Will start coordinating with site shortly. 

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

 Print Issue Date: 04,19,2017  10:55 PM

Page 1 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 15

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Forever XXI sensors will be completed by weeks end. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale, majority of common areas roughed in. Will start looking at pathways into Anchor tenants. Testing continue into next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Bundling multiple projects, Pending start date. 

- Gatineau site installation completed, Will provide budget for installation into Costco. Sports Experts sensor needs to be replaced.  

- Southcentre Boom lift work completed, Pending access hatch pricing, Roughed in all cabling to 2nd floor new BBN cabinet location.

- UCM - Pending start date. Moving UCM start date to late April, Will start coordinating with site shortly. 

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

3.15 Yorkdale UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Conduit routed through Indigo ready for RYCOM. Pending Installation 

of rooftop conduits. Will need to arrange access into Home Outfitters to pass 

cable through electrical RM.

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work 80% dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending 

start date. Consolidation point installation starting this week. Will require access 

to Sportschk & Bose. RYCOM to confirm date.

APR-10-17 - Access to Bose occurring this Wednesday @ 6:30am. Testing and 

sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.16 Yorkdale UPDATE 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
5-Apr-17

FEB-22-17 - Installation started 

FEB-28-17 - 100%  roughed In

MAR-27-17 - 75% dropped. Consolidation point installation starting this week for 

area by Harry Rosen.

APR-04-17 - Consolidation point cabling roughed in. terminations to start next 

week.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale UPDATE 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs 19-Apr-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

APR-04-17 - Joey sensors have been relocated to under the slab near the entrance 

to avoid running conduit and working on the overhang.  Installation progressing.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale UPDATE 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs 27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughing started Approx. 40%

FEB-28-17 - No  change

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Tower portion to be started once all lift work is completed.

APR-04-17 - Work to start this week around the tower. 

APR-10-17 - Cabling installed, terminations starting tonight. Testing to start next 

week.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 04,19,2017  10:55 PM

Page 2 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 15

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Forever XXI sensors will be completed by weeks end. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale, majority of common areas roughed in. Will start looking at pathways into Anchor tenants. Testing continue into next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Bundling multiple projects, Pending start date. 

- Gatineau site installation completed, Will provide budget for installation into Costco. Sports Experts sensor needs to be replaced.  

- Southcentre Boom lift work completed, Pending access hatch pricing, Roughed in all cabling to 2nd floor new BBN cabinet location.

- UCM - Pending start date. Moving UCM start date to late April, Will start coordinating with site shortly. 

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

3.19 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

1-May-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-27-17 - Roughing started. Consolidation point installation starting this week.

APR-04-17 - RYCOM will start reviewing the Anchor stores next week to 

determine pathways and scope.

APR-19-17 - Review Anchor areas April 20th. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.08 STC UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

21-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 PENDING START - Focusing on upper & lower levels

FEB-24-17 - Walked with OM and spoke with Managers at each anchor tenant 

except for The Bay & Cineplex. OM to coordinate access into site. Likely to start 

March 13th. Assuming (1) week per Anchor. 

MAR-09-17  - Coordinated to start Anchor Installations. Proposed time as follows: 

March 13 to March 17 – Sears, March 20 to March 24 – Walmart

March 27 to March 31 – Forever XXXI,  April 3 to April 7 – HBC. We have a 2nd 

crew and can expedite if access is available.

MAR-24-17 - Cabling installed at Sears & Walmart. Pending approval for Forever 

XXI & Bay

APR-04-17 - Installation pending, reviewing alternative options for Forever XXI 

area.

APR-10-17 - Reviewed Forever XXI areas with property, will install sensors in the 

high ceiling area. No access to Forever XXI is permitted.

APR-19-17 - Forever XXI Sensors installing this week. Pending access to Hudson 

Bay. RYCOM will start project close out and exclude Hudson bay. Property to 

notify once access is granted.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.1 STC OPEN 8-Mar-17

A1 counting installation

Robert Horst requested RYCOM to pull in the A1 Counting cabling into the Bay 

while we are pulling in the entrance locations.

TBD

MAR-09-17 - RYCOM will supply CAT6 cabling and install it from the BBN cabinet 

to the locations as shown on the A1 drawing. Cabling to be invoiced separately 

from Aislelabs project. A1 counting to provide RYCOM with Ethernet extenders for 

this space.

 MAR-24-17 - Pending approval to the BAY to start work.

APR-04-17 - Pending access into Hudson bay to complete installation.

STC Management

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,19,2017  10:55 PM

Page 3 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 15

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Forever XXI sensors will be completed by weeks end. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale, majority of common areas roughed in. Will start looking at pathways into Anchor tenants. Testing continue into next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Bundling multiple projects, Pending start date. 

- Gatineau site installation completed, Will provide budget for installation into Costco. Sports Experts sensor needs to be replaced.  

- Southcentre Boom lift work completed, Pending access hatch pricing, Roughed in all cabling to 2nd floor new BBN cabinet location.

- UCM - Pending start date. Moving UCM start date to late April, Will start coordinating with site shortly. 

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

UPDATE 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

29-Mar-17

Aislelabs procuring sensors. Will ship to RYCOM once they receive them.

JAN-31-17 - STC would like a spare sensor pool onsite approx. (5) extra sensors. To 

be reviewed by Aislelabs.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, (5) extra Sensors will be handed over to 

the property.

FEB-21-17 - Extra sensors have delivered to site, have been placed inside MER 

Core cabinet.

MAR-09-17 - Aislelabs is creating database for site.

MAR-24-17 - Aislelabs reported issues with a couple of sensors. Techs & NOC will 

look into this next week and confirm back with Aislelabs.

APR-04-17 -- NOC checked sensors. We can see all the sensors but one. The sensor 

not working isn't a MAC addresses we have listed on the drawing. will review.

APR-19-17 - Reviewed as listed above. Will repair this week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM & Aislelabs

5.04 Square one UPDATE 23-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

The site would like to get the installations underway.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM will provide a high level schedule of start and end dates if we split the 

resources amongst Yorkdale and Square One. Durations of each site will be longer 

then original scheduled.

FEB-10-17 - Splitting the crews would delay the completion of Yorkdale to approx. 

end of August. Current Baseline is end of May.

FEB-13-17 - RYCOM has committed to see if there are ways to start Square One 

earlier. Potential the crew from STC could go to Square One to start 

FEB-28-17 - Square One will start once STC is completed. Estimated start is mid 

April, will improve timeline if possible.

APR-04-17 - Installation at STC 98 percent complete. Square one will start shortly.

APR-10-17 - Rec'vd approval from Square One team.

APR-19-17 - Square One is looking at bundling multiple project together that have 

to do with the ceilings. Notified Sam regarding the delay in start. Pending direction 

from site.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.03 UCM OPEN 28-Feb-17

Proposed Schedule

Track proposed start dates

TBD

UCM will start once Yorkdale is completed. Estimated start month is June. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,19,2017  10:55 PM

Page 4 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 15

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Forever XXI sensors will be completed by weeks end. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale, majority of common areas roughed in. Will start looking at pathways into Anchor tenants. Testing continue into next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Bundling multiple projects, Pending start date. 

- Gatineau site installation completed, Will provide budget for installation into Costco. Sports Experts sensor needs to be replaced.  

- Southcentre Boom lift work completed, Pending access hatch pricing, Roughed in all cabling to 2nd floor new BBN cabinet location.

- UCM - Pending start date. Moving UCM start date to late April, Will start coordinating with site shortly. 

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

8.04 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

Access Hatch Installation

RYCOM is reviewing pathways throughout the site to determine how the Aislelabs 

installation will occur.

24-Feb-17

MAR-09-17 - RYCOM has reviewed pathways and in the process of preparing a 

drawing showing potential access hatch locations. Will be having a call on MAR-10-

17 with site to review.

MAR-27-17 - Had an onsite meeting with Gerry. RYCOM proposal didn't include for 

access hatch installation. property didn't' carry budget. Issue to be discussed with 

Sam when he is back from vacation. RYCOM to prepare access hatch drawing. 

Gerry to provide access hatch vendor contact information to continue progression.

APR-04-17 - Pending direction on how to proceed. Waiting for Gerry to provide 

Access hatch contractor contact name.

APR-10-17 - Pending Access Hatch installation, sent drawing to Gerry's access 

hatch vendor. Southcentre to provide Carl with direction what access hatch style 

to use. Access hatches should be 24" X 24".

APR-19-17 - Access hatch vendor reviewing tonight with onsite RYCOM tech.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.05 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
TBD

MAR-09-17 - Roughed in all sensors going to Admin office. Cabinet #3. Cabinet #2 

is roughed in. 

MAR-26-17 - Cables pulled to BBN cabinets #3, #4 &  proposed #1, work 

progressing slowly due to access hatch & access issues.

APR-04-17 - Installation progressing, area around Scotiabank roughed in.

APR-10-17 - Cables by Admin office and guest services have been brought to the 

cabinets and pushed through the ports.

APR-19-17 -  Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs 

to determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.06 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for AisleLabs
TBD

Pending start on the upper level.

MAR-26-17 - Installation of upper level to start this coming week.

APR-10-17 - Cabling installation started on 2nd level where new cabinet is placed. 

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughen completed on the upper level going to the new 

cabinet. Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs to 

determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.07 Southcentre OPEN 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,19,2017  10:55 PM

Page 5 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 15

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Forever XXI sensors will be completed by weeks end. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale, majority of common areas roughed in. Will start looking at pathways into Anchor tenants. Testing continue into next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Bundling multiple projects, Pending start date. 

- Gatineau site installation completed, Will provide budget for installation into Costco. Sports Experts sensor needs to be replaced.  

- Southcentre Boom lift work completed, Pending access hatch pricing, Roughed in all cabling to 2nd floor new BBN cabinet location.

- UCM - Pending start date. Moving UCM start date to late April, Will start coordinating with site shortly. 

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

8.09 Southcentre UPDATE 4-Apr-17

BBN CABINET INSTALLATIONS

Item to  track progression of the (2) new BBN Cabinet's to be installed.

(blank)

APR-04-17 - Onsite techs have coordinated with the property the final locations 

for the new BBN Cabinets. Fibre to lower level cabinet installed. Both upper and 

lower level cabinets mounted.

APR-10-17 - Fibre is terminated  on lower level, UPS's are installed along with 

patch panels.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

9.04 Gatineau UPDATE 27-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

31-Mar-17

Pending start for anchor tenants

MAR-24-17 - Anchor installations have been coordinated and started. Costco on 

hold until we receive update from property.

MAR-27-17 - To be completed by March -31-17

APR-04-17 - Sports Experts, Simons & Hudson Bay is completed. Access to Costco 

has not been granted. Reviewing a rooftop style installation onsite this Thursday 

for Costco. Archambault access is arranged.

APR-13-17 - RYCOM reviewed rooftop installation with building's roofing and 

electrical contractors. Pending pricing to provide budget to complete work. Sent 

Aislelabs a make up of the roofing material to see if the Wireless Sensor will work.

APR-19-17 - RYCOM will provide budgetary numbers to site for Costco. (1) sensor 

is not working located in Sports Expert. RYCOM will resolve during Costco 

installation or sooner if Costco doesn't get approved.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

10.01 DIX30 UPDATE 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed last week. Approx. 6 

to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to provide 

budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is completed.

FEB-21-17 - Rev'd drawings Aislelabs drawings. Pending BBN design completion 

prior to pricing Aislelabs.

MAR-27-17 - BBN Design 50% completed. Once final is done RYCOM to provide 

budget for Aislelabs.

APR-04-17 - Site is working on revised Aislelabs design. Once design is completed 

it will be sent to RYCOM for budgetary pricing.

APR-19-17 - Pending receiving revised drawings from site and Aislelabs.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,19,2017  10:55 PM

Page 6 of 6



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.10 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Roof

Document Progress occurring on for the rooftop pathways.

13-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Onsite Coordination occurring to find best possible entry's into 

ceilings.

FEB-06-17 - Reviewing Pathway over Forever XXI. RYCOM to review pathways 

prior to holes being placed in roof. RYCOM will seek approval from Yorkdale.

FEB-10-17 - Reviewed Pathways with Ampere.

FEB-13-17 - Submitted Proposed Pathways to Site. Site modified Drawings and 

approved. Pending start of Roof work due to weather conditions.

FEB-21-17 - Conduits on roof installed, Meeting with Roofing company happening 

on Thursday to review pitch pocket locations. Work to stat as early as this Friday.

RYCOM

AMPERE

SEMPLE GOODER

3.11 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Outside / Tenant Space

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

28-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Reviewed Onsite. Pending Installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.12 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation Started Monday, Techs are reviewing Pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% Roughed In. Need to Review Difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% Terminate, 70% Sensors Placed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.15 Yorkdale OPEN 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:16 PM

Page 1 of 4



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

3.16 Yorkdale OPEN 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

5-Apr-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale OPEN 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale UPDATE 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughin Started Approx. 40%

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.19 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

1-May-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.05 STC UPDATE 16-Jan-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs 2-Feb-17

JAN-23-17 - 60%  Percent of cables are roughed in. Roughing in Lower & Upper 

levels concurrently

JAN-30-17 -  80% of cables are roughed in. Dropping of cables will start this week.

FEB-07-17 - 100% Roughed In, 95% Terminated. Sensor Install on track to complete 

FEB-14-17.

FEB-14-17 - 95% Complete. Waiting on Switch installation All sensors installed.

FEB-21-17 - Will patch sensors Next week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.06 STC UPDATE 16-Jan-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

27-Feb-17

JAN-23-17  - 10 percent of cables are roughed in on the upper level. 

JAN-30-17 - 20 percent of cables are roughed in on the upper level.

FEB-07-17 - No Change. Resources focused on Lower Level.

FEB-14-17 - 40% Roughed in.

FEB-21-17 - Roughen Complete, 5

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:16 PM

Page 2 of 4



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

4.07 STC UPDATE 27-Feb-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on new Networking Equipment

Ordered = Equipment on Order and being configured

Staging = Equipment is programmed @ available

Installed = Equipment is installed onsite and Ready.

1-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - RYCOM PM ordered networking equipment to be configured and 

shipped to Vaughan office. Will attempt to have equipment installed prior to Feb-

27th date.

FEB-07-17 - Network Gear Installing now ahead of schedule. 

FEB-14-17 - 25% Installed.

FEB-

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.08 STC OPEN 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

21-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 PENDING START - Focusing on Upper & Lower Levels

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.09 STC OPEN 21-Mar-17

CINEPLEX  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring for Cineplex Area

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

29-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - PENDING START - Focusing on Upper & Lower Levels

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.1 STC OPEN 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs Sensors

29-Mar-17

Aislelabs procuring sensors. Will ship to RYCOM once they receive them.

JAN-31-17 - STC would like a spare Sensor pool onsite approx. (5) extra sensors. To 

be reviewed by Aislelabs.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM Spoke with Aislelabs, (5) extra Sensors will be handed over to 

the property.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.12 STC OPEN 7-Feb-17

Locality Sensor & Gateway Removal

RYCOM will remove old Locality Sensors and Gateways and provide to Landlord.
TBD

Pending Start.

(blank)

5.02 Square one UPDATE 23-Jan-17

REVISED DRAWINGS

RYCOM has Rev'd the revised drawings for Square One.

10-Feb-17

RYCOM to review drawings against the original quote and revise quote as 

necessary and re-submit by weeks end.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM updated budget and submitted to Marketing. Rogers Unique 

Offer quotation to follow by end of week.

FEB-09-17 - Budget Issue, RYCOM to discuss with Marketing

FEB-23-17 - Submitted Proposal to Site Team

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.03 Square one OPEN 23-Jan-17

BUNDELING

Customer would like to bundle potential Bundle Aislelabs & Wireless Installations 

together.
3-Feb-17

RYCOM project manager responsible for the site is currently working on a design 

package for wireless infrastructure and a Class "D" estimate of potential Wifi cost 

to have it installed.

FEB-03-17 - Proposal Submitted to Property, Pending Direction. 

FEB-10-17 - Phase #1 of Wifi has been awarded. Pending Start. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:16 PM

Page 3 of 4



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

5.04 Square one OPEN 23-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

The site would like to get the installations underway.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM will provide a high level schedule of start and end dates if we split the 

resources amongst Yorkdale and Square One. Durations of each site will be longer 

then original scheduled.

FEB-10-17 - Splitting the crews would delay the completion of Yorkdale to approx. 

end of August. Current Baseline is end of May.

FEB-13-17 - RYCOM has committed to see if there are ways to start Square One 

earlier. Potential we move from STC to Square One rather than one of the smaller 

sites.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.02 UCM OPEN 27-Jan-17

AWARDED CONTRACT - DHA-01409-02

RYCOM has been awarded the contract to start the installation of cabling for 

Aislelabs. TBD

Need to discuss if this site will be started once STC Is Completed.

FEB-07-17 - Updated Scheduled with proposed start date. Marketing to confirm, 

RYCOM can coordinate with site once date is approved.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

8.01 Southcentre UPDATE 27-Jan-17

QUOTATION SUBMITTED

RYCOM submitted quotations to complete the Aislelabs Installation along with the 

extension of the BBN into the proposed (2) common space areas.

30-Jan-17

JAN-30-17 - Submitted the  (3) quotation per the unique offer. The quotation were 

sent to the property for reference only. RYCOM would ask the property to review 

and provide feedback ASAP. We have submitted the quotations to Rogers for 

signature. Once we receive back we will submit to property for execution. 

FEB-07-17 - Pending Approval.

FEB-13-17 - E-mail Approval

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.02 Southcentre Final Outcome 13-Feb-17

APPROVALS

RYCOM Rev'd e-mail notifying Anthony will sign or has signed proposals.

ASAP

In order to execute, RYCOM will need a signed copy of the Rogers Agreements. 

We have scheduled resources based on e-mail will start tomorrow.

FEB-14-17 - Rev'd signed proposal from site.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

9.02 Gatineau UPDATE 13-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

Potential Early Start

PENDING

FEB-13-17 - The site can potential start 1st week of March pending award. RYCOM 

was able to setup another crew using local resources. We will have one of our 

senior techs experienced with the Aislelabs installation. Need confirmation if 

Marketing and the site want to do move forward.

FEB-21-17 - Confirmed Start with Site. Techs will be onsite March 6th to start 

installation

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

10.01 DIX30 UPDATE 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed onsite last week. 

Approx. 6 to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to 

provide budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is 

completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:16 PM

Page 4 of 4



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.10 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Roof

Document Progress occurring on for the rooftop pathways.

13-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Onsite Coordination occurring to find best possible entry's into 

ceilings.

FEB-06-17 - Reviewing Pathway over Forever XXI. RYCOM to review pathways 

prior to holes being placed in roof. RYCOM will seek approval from Yorkdale.

FEB-10-17 - Reviewed Pathways with Ampere.

FEB-13-17 - Submitted Proposed Pathways to Site. Site modified Drawings and 

approved. Pending start of Roof work due to weather conditions.

FEB-21-17 - Conduits on roof installed, Meeting with Roofing company happening 

on Thursday to review pitch pocket locations. Work to stat as early as this Friday.

RYCOM

AMPERE

SEMPLE GOODER

3.11 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Outside / Tenant Space

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

28-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Reviewed Onsite. Pending Installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.12 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation Started Monday, Techs are reviewing Pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% Roughed In. Need to Review Difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% Terminate, 70% Sensors Placed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.15 Yorkdale OPEN 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:09 PM

Page 1 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

3.16 Yorkdale OPEN 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

5-Apr-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale OPEN 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale UPDATE 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughin Started Approx. 40%

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.19 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

1-May-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.05 STC UPDATE 16-Jan-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs 2-Feb-17

JAN-23-17 - 60%  Percent of cables are roughed in. Roughing in Lower & Upper 

levels concurrently

JAN-30-17 -  80% of cables are roughed in. Dropping of cables will start this week.

FEB-07-17 - 100% Roughed In, 95% Terminated. Sensor Install on track to complete 

FEB-14-17.

FEB-14-17 - 95% Complete. Waiting on Switch installation All sensors installed.

FEB-21-17 - Will patch sensors Next week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.06 STC UPDATE 16-Jan-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

27-Feb-17

JAN-23-17  - 10 percent of cables are roughed in on the upper level. 

JAN-30-17 - 20 percent of cables are roughed in on the upper level.

FEB-07-17 - No Change. Resources focused on Lower Level.

FEB-14-17 - 40% Roughed in.

FEB-21-17 - Roughen Complete, 5

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:09 PM

Page 2 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

4.07 STC UPDATE 27-Feb-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on new Networking Equipment

Ordered = Equipment on Order and being configured

Staging = Equipment is programmed @ available

Installed = Equipment is installed onsite and Ready.
1-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - RYCOM PM ordered networking equipment to be configured and 

shipped to Vaughan office. Will attempt to have equipment installed prior to Feb-

27th date.

FEB-07-17 - Network Gear Installing now ahead of schedule. 

FEB-14-17 - 25% Installed.

FEB-

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.08 STC OPEN 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

21-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 PENDING START - Focusing on Upper & Lower Levels

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.09 STC OPEN 21-Mar-17

CINEPLEX  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring for Cineplex Area

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

29-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - PENDING START - Focusing on Upper & Lower Levels

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.1 STC OPEN 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs Sensors

29-Mar-17

Aislelabs procuring sensors. Will ship to RYCOM once they receive them.

JAN-31-17 - STC would like a spare Sensor pool onsite approx. (5) extra sensors. To 

be reviewed by Aislelabs.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM Spoke with Aislelabs, (5) extra Sensors will be handed over to 

the property.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.12 STC OPEN 7-Feb-17

Locality Sensor & Gateway Removal

RYCOM will remove old Locality Sensors and Gateways and provide to Landlord.
TBD

Pending Start.

(blank)

5.02 Square one UPDATE 23-Jan-17

REVISED DRAWINGS

RYCOM has Rev'd the revised drawings for Square One.

10-Feb-17

RYCOM to review drawings against the original quote and revise quote as 

necessary and re-submit by weeks end.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM updated budget and submitted to Marketing. Rogers Unique 

Offer quotation to follow by end of week.

FEB-09-17 - Budget Issue, RYCOM to discuss with Marketing

FEB-23-17 - Submitted Proposal to Site Team

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.03 Square one OPEN 23-Jan-17

BUNDELING

Customer would like to bundle potential Bundle Aislelabs & Wireless Installations 

together.
3-Feb-17

RYCOM project manager responsible for the site is currently working on a design 

package for wireless infrastructure and a Class "D" estimate of potential Wifi cost 

to have it installed.

FEB-03-17 - Proposal Submitted to Property, Pending Direction. 

FEB-10-17 - Phase #1 of Wifi has been awarded. Pending Start. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:09 PM

Page 3 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

5.04 Square one OPEN 23-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

The site would like to get the installations underway.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM will provide a high level schedule of start and end dates if we split the 

resources amongst Yorkdale and Square One. Durations of each site will be longer 

then original scheduled.

FEB-10-17 - Splitting the crews would delay the completion of Yorkdale to approx. 

end of August. Current Baseline is end of May.

FEB-13-17 - RYCOM has committed to see if there are ways to start Square One 

earlier. Potential we move from STC to Square One rather than one of the smaller 

sites.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.02 UCM OPEN 27-Jan-17

AWARDED CONTRACT - DHA-01409-02

RYCOM has been awarded the contract to start the installation of cabling for 

Aislelabs. TBD

Need to discuss if this site will be started once STC Is Completed.

FEB-07-17 - Updated Scheduled with proposed start date. Marketing to confirm, 

RYCOM can coordinate with site once date is approved.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

8.01 Southcentre UPDATE 27-Jan-17

QUOTATION SUBMITTED

RYCOM submitted quotations to complete the Aislelabs Installation along with the 

extension of the BBN into the proposed (2) common space areas.

30-Jan-17

JAN-30-17 - Submitted the  (3) quotation per the unique offer. The quotation were 

sent to the property for reference only. RYCOM would ask the property to review 

and provide feedback ASAP. We have submitted the quotations to Rogers for 

signature. Once we receive back we will submit to property for execution. 

FEB-07-17 - Pending Approval.

FEB-13-17 - E-mail Approval

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.02 Southcentre Final Outcome 13-Feb-17

APPROVALS

RYCOM Rev'd e-mail notifying Anthony will sign or has signed proposals.

ASAP

In order to execute, RYCOM will need a signed copy of the Rogers Agreements. 

We have scheduled resources based on e-mail will start tomorrow.

FEB-14-17 - Rev'd signed proposal from site.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

9.01 Gatineau Final Outcome 13-Jan-17

QUOTATION SUBMITTED

RYCOM submitted quotation to complete the Aislelabs Installation in the 

property.

PENDING

JAN-13-17 - Property advised they only need (1) new switch as their existing 

switches are programmed with ports but not being used. (Currently RYCOM does 

not have visibility into the network to confirm but we are taking direction from 

site.)

JAN-27-17 - 
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:09 PM

Page 4 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

9.02 Gatineau UPDATE 13-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

Potential Early Start

PENDING

FEB-13-17 - The site can potential start 1st week of March pending award. RYCOM 

was able to setup another crew using local resources. We will have one of our 

senior techs experienced with the Aislelabs installation. Need confirmation if 

Marketing and the site want to do move forward.

FEB-21-17 - Confirmed Start with Site. Techs will be onsite March 6th to start 

installation

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

10.01 DIX30 UPDATE 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed onsite last week. 

Approx. 6 to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to 

provide budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is 

completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:09 PM

Page 5 of 5



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Issue with Social WiFi at Yorkdale Hi Everyone. The majority of the access points are Cisco 3702 and the only
changes that have been made over the last few months is we’ve added
additional wireless access point. I don’t know why you are receiving a
Meraki URL. It wouldn’t be coming from the BBN wireless infrastructure.



Thought – Do you know if there is another Single digits installation in the
mall? Did the tech maybe connect to a different SSID?



*From:* Martinez O'Brien [mailto:mobrien@singledigits.com]
*Sent:* Thu,Oct 13, 2016 2:56 PM
*To:* Martinez Nancy <martinez@gtbcorp.com>; Meredith Vlitas <
MVlitas@oxfordproperties.com>; Derek Sullivan <dsullivan@singledigits.com>
*Cc:* Carter Rivera <carter@gtbcorp.com>; Derek Andreoff <
derek.andreoff@rycom.ca>; Bob Vounotripidis <
b_vounotripidis@oxfordproperties.com>
*Subject:* RE: Issue with Social WiFi at Yorkdale



Derek Sullivan - Please review and let us all know if you see any problems
on our side. Thank you!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Update to Yorkdale Store Visit Numbers Hi Yorkdale team,

Over the past several weeks we have been performing an extensive validation
exercise at Yorkdale to ensure that the store visit counts are as accurate
as possible. Some of you may have been aware that this was underway as it
entailed physically counting the visits to each tenant several times. This
exercise was completed recently and we have updated all of your accounts so
that you have access to the new and improved version of the dashboard.

As a result, when you log in now, you may notice that historic counts of
visits to stores differ from counts for the same periods if you had
accessed them before. I understand that this may create some issues and
will assist however I can if these issues arise.

If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to contact me directly.
Also, if I have missed anyone, please pass this information along.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 14

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.11 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Outside / Tenant Space

Document progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

28-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Reviewed Onsite. Pending installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.12 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation started Monday, techs are reviewing pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% roughed In. Need to review difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% terminate, 70% sensors placed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs
9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Rough in Started around Shoppers. Need to review sensors located 

near Bay. May need to place on Bay store front.

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending start 

date. Milestones under construction will coordinate install with property.

APR-04-17 - Everything roughed in and terminated except for outside locations. 

Need to coordinate access into new tenant area where milestones used to be.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Will review Forever XXI next week. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Access arranged to Bose. Testing to start mid next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Will coordinate start dates.

- Gatineau site installation completed, reviewed with contractors rooftop work. Gathering costs and will prepare budget for rooftop install. 

- Southcentre BBN lower cabinet fibre terminated, new cabinets are prepared. Dressed cabling to GS Desk BBN & Admin. Boom lift on order.

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

 Print Issue Date: 04,10,2017  10:42 PM

Page 1 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 14

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Will review Forever XXI next week. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Access arranged to Bose. Testing to start mid next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Will coordinate start dates.

- Gatineau site installation completed, reviewed with contractors rooftop work. Gathering costs and will prepare budget for rooftop install. 

- Southcentre BBN lower cabinet fibre terminated, new cabinets are prepared. Dressed cabling to GS Desk BBN & Admin. Boom lift on order.

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

3.15 Yorkdale UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Conduit routed through Indigo ready for RYCOM. Pending Installation 

of rooftop conduits. Will need to arrange access into Home Outfitters to pass 

cable through electrical RM.

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work 80% dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending 

start date. Consolidation point installation starting this week. Will require access 

to Sportschk & Bose. RYCOM to confirm date.

APR-10-17 - Access to Bose occurring this Wednesday @ 6:30am. Testing and 

sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.16 Yorkdale UPDATE 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
5-Apr-17

FEB-22-17 - Installation started 

FEB-28-17 - 100%  roughed In

MAR-27-17 - 75% dropped. Consolidation point installation starting this week for 

area by Harry Rosen.

APR-04-17 - Consolidation point cabling roughed in. terminations to start next 

week.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale UPDATE 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

APR-04-17 - Joey sensors have been relocated to under the slab near the entrance 

to avoid running conduit and working on the overhang.  Installation progressing.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale UPDATE 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughing started Approx. 40%

FEB-28-17 - No  change

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Tower portion to be started once all lift work is completed.

APR-04-17 - Work to start this week around the tower. 

APR-10-17 - Cabling installed, terminations starting tonight. Testing to start next 

week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.19 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

1-May-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-27-17 - Roughing started. Consolidation point installation starting this week.

APR-04-17 - RYCOM will start reviewing the Anchor stores next week to 

determine pathways and scope.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 04,10,2017  10:42 PM

Page 2 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 14

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Will review Forever XXI next week. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Access arranged to Bose. Testing to start mid next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Will coordinate start dates.

- Gatineau site installation completed, reviewed with contractors rooftop work. Gathering costs and will prepare budget for rooftop install. 

- Southcentre BBN lower cabinet fibre terminated, new cabinets are prepared. Dressed cabling to GS Desk BBN & Admin. Boom lift on order.

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

4.08 STC UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

21-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 PENDING START - Focusing on upper & lower levels

FEB-24-17 - Walked with OM and spoke with Managers at each anchor tenant 

except for The Bay & Cineplex. OM to coordinate access into site. Likely to start 

March 13th. Assuming (1) week per Anchor. 

MAR-09-17  - Coordinated to start Anchor Installations. Proposed time as follows: 

March 13 to March 17 – Sears, March 20 to March 24 – Walmart

March 27 to March 31 – Forever XXXI,  April 3 to April 7 – HBC. We have a 2nd 

crew and can expedite if access is available.

MAR-24-17 - Cabling installed at Sears & Walmart. Pending approval for Forever 

XXI & Bay

APR-04-17 - Installation pending, reviewing alternative options for Forever XXI 

area.

APR-10-17 - Reviewed Forever XXI areas with property, will install sensors in the 

high ceiling area. No access to Forever XXI is permitted.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.1 STC OPEN 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

29-Mar-17

Aislelabs procuring sensors. Will ship to RYCOM once they receive them.

JAN-31-17 - STC would like a spare sensor pool onsite approx. (5) extra sensors. To 

be reviewed by Aislelabs.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, (5) extra Sensors will be handed over to 

the property.

FEB-21-17 - Extra sensors have delivered to site, have been placed inside MER 

Core cabinet.

MAR-09-17 - Aislelabs is creating database for site.

MAR-24-17 - Aislelabs reported issues with a couple of sensors. Techs & NOC will 

look into this next week and confirm back with Aislelabs.

APR-04-17 -- NOC checked sensors. We can see all the sensors but one. The sensor 

not working isn't a MAC addresses we have listed on the drawing. will review.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM & Aislelabs

8-Mar-17

A1 counting installation

Robert Horst requested RYCOM to pull in the A1 Counting cabling into the Bay 

while we are pulling in the entrance locations.

TBD

MAR-09-17 - RYCOM will supply CAT6 cabling and install it from the BBN cabinet 

to the locations as shown on the A1 drawing. Cabling to be invoiced separately 

from Aislelabs project. A1 counting to provide RYCOM with Ethernet extenders for 

this space.

 MAR-24-17 - Pending approval to the BAY to start work.

APR-04-17 - Pending access into Hudson bay to complete installation.

STC Management

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,10,2017  10:42 PM

Page 3 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 14

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Will review Forever XXI next week. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Access arranged to Bose. Testing to start mid next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Will coordinate start dates.

- Gatineau site installation completed, reviewed with contractors rooftop work. Gathering costs and will prepare budget for rooftop install. 

- Southcentre BBN lower cabinet fibre terminated, new cabinets are prepared. Dressed cabling to GS Desk BBN & Admin. Boom lift on order.

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

5.04 Square one UPDATE 23-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

The site would like to get the installations underway.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM will provide a high level schedule of start and end dates if we split the 

resources amongst Yorkdale and Square One. Durations of each site will be longer 

then original scheduled.

FEB-10-17 - Splitting the crews would delay the completion of Yorkdale to approx. 

end of August. Current Baseline is end of May.

FEB-13-17 - RYCOM has committed to see if there are ways to start Square One 

earlier. Potential the crew from STC could go to Square One to start 

FEB-28-17 - Square One will start once STC is completed. Estimated start is mid 

April, will improve timeline if possible.

APR-04-17 - Installation at STC 98 percent complete. Square one will start shortly.

APR-10-17 - Rec'vd approval from Square One team.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.03 UCM OPEN 28-Feb-17

Proposed Schedule

Track proposed start dates

TBD

UCM will start once Yorkdale is completed. Estimated start month is June. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

8.04 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

Access Hatch Installation

RYCOM is reviewing pathways throughout the site to determine how the Aislelabs 

installation will occur.

24-Feb-17

MAR-09-17 - RYCOM has reviewed pathways and in the process of preparing a 

drawing showing potential access hatch locations. Will be having a call on MAR-10-

17 with site to review.

MAR-27-17 - Had an onsite meeting with Gerry. RYCOM proposal didn't include for 

access hatch installation. property didn't' carry budget. Issue to be discussed with 

Sam when he is back from vacation. RYCOM to prepare access hatch drawing. 

Gerry to provide access hatch vendor contact information to continue progression.

APR-04-17 - Pending direction on how to proceed. Waiting for Gerry to provide 

Access hatch contractor contact name.

APR-10-17 - Pending Access Hatch installation, sent drawing to Gerry's access 

hatch vendor. Southcentre to provide Carl with direction what access hatch style 

to use. Access hatches should be 24" X 24".

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,10,2017  10:42 PM

Page 4 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 14

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Will review Forever XXI next week. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Access arranged to Bose. Testing to start mid next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Will coordinate start dates.

- Gatineau site installation completed, reviewed with contractors rooftop work. Gathering costs and will prepare budget for rooftop install. 

- Southcentre BBN lower cabinet fibre terminated, new cabinets are prepared. Dressed cabling to GS Desk BBN & Admin. Boom lift on order.

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

8.05 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
TBD

MAR-09-17 - Roughed in all sensors going to Admin office. Cabinet #3. Cabinet #2 

is roughed in. 

MAR-26-17 - Cables pulled to BBN cabinets #3, #4 &  proposed #1, work 

progressing slowly due to access hatch & access issues.

APR-04-17 - Installation progressing, area around Scotiabank roughed in.

APR-10-17 - Cables by Admin office and guest services have been brought to the 

cabinets and pushed through the ports.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.06 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for AisleLabs

TBD

Pending start on the upper level.

MAR-26-17 - Installation of upper level to start this coming week.

APR-10-17 - Cabling installation started on 2nd level where new cabinet is placed. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.07 Southcentre OPEN 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.08 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ACCESS TO SITE.

RYCOM has been having difficulty accessing areas of the site. We met with Gerry 

on MAR-27-17  and followed up with an e-mail  to Gerry on MAR-28-17. This is a 

summary of the items.

ASAP

1) Blanket security access From now until May in rooms where BBN cabinets are 

located.

2) We are approved to remove Pot lights & speakers to run cabling to avoid having 

to install additional access hatches.

3) Access into tenant spaces coordinated by RYCOM. Cost by landlord

4) Require key to BBN cabinets #2, #4, & #9.

APR-04-17 - BBN keys available at security per Gerry.

APR-10-17 - Confirmed with techs access around site is easier. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.09 Southcentre UPDATE 4-Apr-17

BBN CABINET INSTALLATIONS

Item to  track progression of the (2) new BBN Cabinet's to be installed.

(blank)

APR-04-17 - Onsite techs have coordinated with the property the final locations 

for the new BBN Cabinets. Fibre to lower level cabinet installed. Both upper and 

lower level cabinets mounted.

APR-10-17 - Fibre is terminated  on lower level, UPS's are installed along with 

patch panels.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,10,2017  10:42 PM

Page 5 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 14

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Will review Forever XXI next week. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Access arranged to Bose. Testing to start mid next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Will coordinate start dates.

- Gatineau site installation completed, reviewed with contractors rooftop work. Gathering costs and will prepare budget for rooftop install. 

- Southcentre BBN lower cabinet fibre terminated, new cabinets are prepared. Dressed cabling to GS Desk BBN & Admin. Boom lift on order.

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

9.03 Gatineau UPDATE 9-Mar-17

MAIN LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
31-Mar-17

MAR-09-17 - Cables roughed in @ food court.

MAR-24 - Pulled in installation of (38) locations to date.

MAR-27-17 - To be completed by March -31-17

APR-04-17 - All cabling installed, starting patching and port turn ups. Site should 

be completed by weeks end. 

APR-10-17 - Work onsite is completed, RYCOM will prepare drawings and send to 

Aislelabs this week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

9.04 Gatineau UPDATE 27-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

31-Mar-17

Pending start for anchor tenants

MAR-24-17 - Anchor installations have been coordinated and started. Costco on 

hold until we receive update from property.

MAR-27-17 - To be completed by March -31-17

APR-04-17 - Sports Experts, Simons & Hudson Bay is completed. Access to Costco 

has not been granted. Reviewing a rooftop style installation onsite this Thursday 

for Costco. Archambault access is arranged.

APR-13-17 - RYCOM reviewed rooftop installation with building's roofing and 

electrical contractors. Pending pricing to provide budget to complete work. Sent 

Aislelabs a make up of the roofing material to see if the Wireless Sensor will work.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

10.01 DIX30 OPEN 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed last week. Approx. 6 

to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to provide 

budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is completed.

FEB-21-17 - Rev'd drawings Aislelabs drawings. Pending BBN design completion 

prior to pricing Aislelabs.

MAR-27-17 - BBN Design 50% completed. Once final is done RYCOM to provide 

budget for Aislelabs.

APR-04-17 - Site is working on revised Aislelabs design. Once design is completed 

it will be sent to RYCOM for budgetary pricing.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,10,2017  10:42 PM

Page 6 of 6



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Splash Page Editor Update Hi Martinez,

Thank you for your response.
Please see my responses below and additional questions.

*   Are we able to add in Oxford’s privacy and T&C links within gtbcorps hosted page? Or will this be just plain text only?
We should be able to have links within the pages we are hosting. We do recommend against this as any user visiting an external link may find it difficult to return to the login process. However, it should be possible.
Great – for liability purposes, we would like to include the links within at the bottom.
For the actual process of switching, here is what we would propose:

1.  Complete setup, review, and sign off of the Yorkdale splash page
We will connect with Leanne (Senior Brand Manager for Yorkdale) to inform her and give notice in case the Yorkdale Operations team will need to assist along the way. I will cc’ yourself and Oconnor in case she has additional questions.
2.  Choose a 2-3 hour window during which potential down time would be the least disruptive at Yorkdale
During this process, will custricks not have any access to sign in to Wifi?
If that’s the case, would your team be able to do it after mall closure (8PM)? Does this mean Yorkdale’s Operations team will need to be on standby during this time?
3.  Make the switch at the start of this window and monitor sign ins (if there is any issue, we can revert the change and schedule a troubleshooting call)
Will you be monitoring sign-ins during the 2-3 hour window? Just want to make sure this will not affect any custricks.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Issue with Social WiFi at Yorkdale Good morning-

Wanted to check in and see if the social Wi-Fi is working again?

Meredith

Meredith Vlitas, National Manager, Asset Marketing and Digital Strategy
Oxford Properties Group
Royal Bank Plaza, North Tower
200 Bay Street, Suite 900 Toronto, Ontario M5J 2J2
Ph. 416-865-8355
Cell. 647-504-8215

mvlitas@oxfordproperties.com<mailto:mvlitas@oxfordproperties.com>

The Oxford Way video<http://view.vzaar.com/3520440/player>

From: Derek Andreoff [mailto:derek.andreoff@rycom.ca]
Sent: Thursday, October 13, 2016 8:50 PM
To: Martinez O'Brien; Martinez Nancy; Meredith Vlitas; Derek Sullivan
Cc: Carter Rivera; Bob Vounotripidis; service@rycom.ca
Subject: RE: Issue with Social WiFi at Yorkdale

Hi Everyone. The majority of the access points are Cisco 3702 and the only changes that have been made over the last few months is we’ve added additional wireless access point. I don’t know why you are receiving a Meraki URL. It wouldn’t be coming from the BBN wireless infrastructure.

Thought – Do you know if there is another Single digits installation in the mall? Did the tech maybe connect to a different SSID?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Yorkdale Meeting Recap and Actions Hi Marco,

Thank you for your time on Monday. Below are the details of our discussion
and the actions we will take to ensure that you are confident in our
product and able to utilize it to its fullest capabilities.

Additionally, we think it would be best to set up a weekly touch base call.
The purpose of the call is to update you on the progress we make on
addressing data quality at Yorkdale and the portfolio and get your
feedback. We do not expect to need a long meeting but it would be good to
keep you in the loop on our progress. Please let me know if there is a
consistent time slot when you and your team have availability and we will
block it off.

*Store Visit Accuracy Actions:*

Please find the deck from the meeting attached (YDL Store Visit Analysis).
It contains details on our efforts to date in quantifying any difference
between Flow and physical visit counts as well as our next steps as
detailed below:

- on-site store visit counts are being conducted by our team (started
yesterday)
- these will run through next week Tuesday, after which we will have
counts for all stores (week 1)
- we will identify and provide the list of stores that have accurate and
inaccurate Flow visit numbers (week 2)
- using this information, we will perform targeted calibration to
resolve the visit anomalies (weeks 3-4)
- once this is completed we will conduct a second round of on-site
counts to validate the results
- a report will be provided detaijaime the results of the exercise


*Overall Visit Number Actions:*

As discussed, please provide any amount of available data from the A1
counters at different sites. We will use it to bound our visit values and
inform the capture rates of the dashboards.

Going forward, we would appreciate it if you could provide these numbers on
a regular basis. If this can be done through an API, that would be ideal.

*Dashboard Update:*

Below is a list of completed pages and locations where requested metrics
from those pages can be found on the current dashboard as well as the pages
that are still pending. Please refer to the attached document (Dashboard
Update Presentation) for the initial requirements set out for each page.

- Completed pages:
- Portfolio > Ranking > Patronage is Portfolio > Ranking
- Portfolio > Ranking > Dwell Times is Portfolio > Dwell Times
- Portfolio > Ranking > Comparison page is Compare > Site Comparison
page (currently limited metrics)
- Site > Overview > Maps page is very similar to Spaces > Heatmaps
page
- Site > Ranking > Entrances page is Portfolio > Space Footfall (has
not been updated to only entrances or to be filtered by space type)
- Site > Ranking > Floor Visitation is Portfolio > Floor Visitation
- Site > Ranking > Space Visitation is Portfolio > Space Visitation
- Site > Cross-Shop > Matrices is equivalent to a combination of the
Space Rankings and Mall > Space Profile (follows from Mall Overview page)
- Site > WiFi Users > Demographics is available as the Social WiFi >
Summary page
- We have added the fine grain dwell time breakdown and will be
completing the combined visualization of visits and dwell time by hour
shortly
- Pending pages:
- Site > Cross-Shop > Top Paths
- Site > WiFi Users > Usage
- Space > Tenant > Overview
- Space > Tenant > Performance
- Space > Tenant > Paths
- Space > Tenant > WiFi Users
- Space > Corridor > Overview
- Space > Corridor > Paths
- Space > Corridor > WiFi Users

Based on the meeting, high priority new metrics and features in addition to
the above pages include:

- the number of people within the mall and/or space at any given time
- unique visitors over a period (for one site and for cross-site visits)
- updated filter set to allow for easier access to data for visitor
entry or exit space, visits to one or more of a set of spaces, any spaces
except a given set, etc.

It would be beneficial to prioritize the pending items. We would be happy
to meet again soon and discuss delivery dates for the above after you have
had a chance to review and identify the pages and features for which your
team has greater need. We will get back to you as soon as possible with a
plan and delivery schedule.

Thanks again for your time and let us know if anything was omitted from the
above.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Wifi Landing Pages - SQ1, YKD, STC Hi Sharon,

Not a problem! Thanks for letting me know. In the next couple weeks we will
have a new splash page editor to roll out to you and it would be great if
we could get some time to walk through it with you during the first week of
November. Let me know if there's a time that week that would work for you.

Back to the current issue, though. Understanding that the goal is to
maintain the whole image in view, I have 2 examples below for Yorkdale that
meet the requirement.

*Half Image: *in order of appearance, below are the splash pages with the
Yorkdale image cropped to half size as viewed on an iPhone X, Samsung S5,
and iPad
[image: image.png]
[image: image.png]
[image: image.png]

*Square Image: *again in order of appearance, below are the splash pages
with the Yorkdale image cropped to square as viewed on an iPhone X, Samsung
S5, and iPad
[image: image.png]
[image: image.png]
[image: image.png]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
->>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Results Neural Index:
Re: Valet Custricks @ Yorkdale Awesome ! Thanks
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Yorkdale Log In I tested it with my work phone too and I don’t believe that it has signed into Yorkdale wifi previously.


Lisa P. Resnic
Marketing Manager

Oxford Properties Group
Yorkdale Shopping Centre
1 Yorkdale Road, Suite 500
Toronto, ON M6A 3A1
Canada
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Yorkdale Shopping Centre Re: wifi close outs Hi Meredith

We are happy to kick off the pilot with your existing WiFi infrastructure.
We can enable our platform on your existing infrastructure fairly quickly.
It would be great to connect on the call on this. We would need an
introduction to the person managing your WiFi infrastructure and we can
conduct the integration.

As discussed in order to provide store level analytics we would need higher
density of access points. This can be achieved by instaljaime new access
points. It would be great to touch base on the options and form a plan as
we understand that your time frame is commencing the pilot in July, so time
is of the essence.

Below are a few suggested times:

- Tomorrow Wednesday May 27th between 11am-12pm EST
- Thursday May 28th between 1pm-5pm EST

Kindly share the time that is suitable ?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Issue with Social WiFi at Yorkdale Hi Carter,
Usually if there is not a signed certificate installed for the domain in the gateway it would display this error. We are working on regaining management to confirm the configuration.

The user York9081 has not been edited since 2016-01-25, shortly after being created. Do you need a password reset? What URL are you using to login to the BAP?
[https://i.gyazo.com/0f6d915311bf9beadee40f6c50c2fbcb.png]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sensors offline at Yorkdale - ac8674811378, ac86748113e8, ac86748105c0 Hi Bob,

Hope you're doing well. We reported a few offline sensors to Rycom which
still remain offline upon powercycjaime. Below are the MAC IDs of the
sensors along with their respective placement locations on-site.

ac8674811378 - Centre Corridor East Outside B2
ac86748113e8 - Holt Renfrew Backdoor
ac86748105c0 - Entrance A1 Cheesecake Factory

Could you please investigate and troubleshoot these sensors on-site?

Please let me know if you need any additional information.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: FW: API Issue It looks like on the dashboard for Yorkdale on 7/29/2018, there are 36,656
visitors. We get 28,582 from the API.

*Manil's response to me:*
36,656 unique visitors on 7/29/2018 at Yorkdale
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: gtbcorps Training Session Sorry for the delay again! My computer is not allowing me to login. We seem to be having some internet problems on site.
I am sorry we are having trouble connecting.

Jason Blum
Assistant Property Manager
Yorkdale Shopping Centre
Oxford Properties Group
1 Yorkdale Road, Suite 500, Toronto, ON M6A 3A1<x-apple-data-detectors://3/1>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DNS Issue Affecting Social WiFi Hi Derek,

Our DNS provider was experiencing an issue this morning that has since been
resolved but it looks like some of the Social WiFi accounts for Oxford
Properties are having some issues still.

Kingsway, STC, and Southcentre appear to be the only affected malls. Our
understanding of the problem is that the DNS cache for each of those sites
has probably not updated since the issue was resolved. Would it be possible
for you to flush the DNS cache at each affected site?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sensors Offline at Yorkdale - ac8674434928 ac86748112b0 Incident #4847  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Card & Landing Page Copy Hi Martinez,

This is what we are printing on the cards. Each card will have one of the unique codes you provided.

Free WiFi Access

To connect, select YORKDALE FREE WIFI

Select 中文 from the drop-down menu and follow the instructions

Your Access Code: (unique code)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Additional calibration janetings at Yorkdale Mall Please see attached.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Yorkdale Shopping Centre Luxury Run - Rycom and gtbcorps Good Evening Traci & Carter,



We’ve prepared and attached our quotation to provide the cabjaime from the
nearest BBN Network switch to your proposed sensor locations. We’ve
included within our quotation for the purchase of (1) new BBN Network
switch and the time required for our networking team to create a dedicated
VLAN to allow your system to function. All work will be completed after
regular business hours. We’ll need to have written approval from Yorkdale
to have your sensors placed above the store fronts.



If you have any questions please feel free to contact me.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fwd: Ticket #2594246: Square One Shopping Centre: RE: Square One Shopping Centre Low WiFi Logins Are you guys still having any issues with low wifi logins.

Jason Nazareth RPA FMA
Manager, Energy & Technical Services
Oxford Properties Group
Square One Shopping Centre
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Ticket #2594246: Square One Shopping Centre: RE: Square One Shopping Centre Low WiFi Logins Hi Jenn.   Unfortunately I can’t help you with this request.
Jason is back in office next week and he can respond to your question.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Questions Hi Martinez-

We had a good meeting yesterday with the team @ Yorkdale and we had a few questions:


1.       Somehow, the Steph Curry event at Yorkdale on Friday February 12 has disappeared from the campaigns ? Can you advise and can it be retrieved ? Also, for the Steph Curry event – we had overall traffic, but can we pin point how many people were in the Centre Court area for the event ?

2.       Are we currently counting via one of your sensors the entrance in from valet ? If so, where can we find that data ?

3.       Social Wi-Fi data- why isn’t the hometown/city of residence being pulled into the csv file when we try and export the social Wi-Fi data ?

4.       How can we pull data over 30 days old ?

Thanks as always for your help

Meredith

Meredith Vlitas, National Manager, Asset Marketing and Digital Strategy
Oxford Properties Group
Royal Bank Plaza, North Tower
200 Bay Street, Suite 900 Toronto, Ontario M5J 2J2
Ph. 416-865-8355
Cell. 647-504-8215
Tw. @Oxford_Plus
Ig. Oxford_Plus
mvlitas@oxfordproperties.com<mailto:mvlitas@oxfordproperties.com>

The Oxford Way video<http://view.vzaar.com/3520440/player>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Social WiFi Launch at LPG and Kingsway This was completed this morning at 8am Eastern Time. No reported issues since turn up. Derek will be in shortly however, this should be working as intended. In the meantime, if you had any direct complaints, I can surely take ownership in the meantime and work toward a prompt resolve.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Yorkdale Store Level Dashboard Update Hi guys,

As you are aware we have recently collected additional janetings within the
tenant spaces at Yorkdale in order to improve the accuracy of the store
visit counts and to add a few spaces (eg Raffi). We have completed this
process and applied the additional janetings to an update Yorkdale
dashboard. Your access will be switched to this new version today.

I have attached a document detaijaime some of the issues and particular
areas presenting challenges as well as our next steps. We are currently
working on more in-depth analysis to identify the precise causes of the
issues we have identified and will continue to refine the dashboard.

Let us know if you have any questions.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: All Sensors Offline at Hillcrest It appears there is no wifi...but we have not had a power outage.  Can we reboot the wifi ??

Brian Marentette
General Manager, Hillcrest Mall
Oxford Properties Group
905 883 1400
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Yorkdale Data Hi Martinez,

Okay sounds good. The social wifi (second link) is taking a while but working as you mentioned. I can’t load the space rankings on the regular flow or beta though, it still gives me the errors.

Lauren

From: Martinez Nancy [mailto:martinez@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: Thursday, March 17, 2016 1:04 PM
To: Lauren Blumberger
Subject: Re: Yorkdale Data

I tried both and experienced a longer loading time but didn't get the 404 errors. The issue seems to simply be the large amount of data being queried.

There have been some recent upgrades to the platform that haven't been pushed to the production servers yet, so you should be able to load the first link on beta: https://beta.gtbcorp.com/o/?tab=SPACECOMPARE&tdid=456&smid=24193740&emid=24238379&stime=0_00&etime=23_59&<https://flow.gtbcorp.com/o/?tab=SPACECOMPARE&tdid=456&smid=24193740&emid=24238379&stime=0_00&etime=23_59&>

The second link will take a long time to load no matter what you do. The link between Social WiFi and Flow is new, so the filter algorithms are not optimized yet. I would suggest loading shorter date ranges and, if you're not aljanety, using Chrome or Firefox.

I've passed your issue on to the engineers. If the cause is here on the back end, I will let you know when there is a fix.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Social Wifi Thanks, I am not aware of any issues, is it still an issue?

Bob Vounotripidis
Operations Manager
Yorkale Shopping Centre
Oxford Properties Group
1 Yorkdale Road, Suite 500, Toronto, ON M6A 3A1
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Yorkdale Shopping Centre - Main Level 
7/25/2014 



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FW: Social Wi-Fi Landing Page - FINAL FILES Hi Martinez-

Happy New Year !

Below please find a link for the updated social Wi-Fi landing page for Yorkdale.

Please let me know if this works and when you have a preview janety.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
See for Yorkdale
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Yorkdale Back Corridor Test Placements and Cheesecake Factory Sensors Thanks, we have not moved forward as of yet. Review quotes

Bob Vounotripidis
Operations Manager
Yorkdale Shopping Centre
Oxford Properties Group
1 Yorkdale Road, Suite 500, Toronto, ON M6A 3A1
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Issue with Social WiFi at Yorkdale Not remotely, unfortunately. The issue is on site at Yorkdale.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FW: Yorkdale sensors Hi Martinez-

Please take a look and let me know if this is what you needed.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Southcentre Wi-Fi  9215-161118-1 FYI,
The HP equipment has arrived and will be left in our server room.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Sensors Offline at Yorkdale - ac86748086d0, ac86744a46a8 - INC000000066459 rycom did the in that space
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Social WiFi Issue at Scarborough Town Centre Hi again Derek,

We are also seeing very low user numbers at Kingsway.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Ticket #2972965: Square One Shopping Centre: Public WIFI outage at Square One Thanks Jason. I'll ask someone to look into it.

Just to confirm, the issue stopped after Sunday?

If it is reported again, please let me know.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fwd: Yorkdale Jaime

Did you fix the Emerald Court issue. It was one of the top 3 issues from
last week and very high priority. It seems the client is still facing it.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Calibration Data Collection at Yorkdale Not a problem, I will let our security team know.

Jason Blum
Assistant Property Manager
Yorkdale Shopping Centre
Oxford Properties Group
1 Yorkdale Road, Suite 500, Toronto, ON M6A 3A1<x-apple-data-detectors://3/1>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<@U09ALEB5G> how was the Yorkdale meeting on Friday?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fwd: Ticket #2972965: Square One Shopping Centre: Public WIFI outage at Square One Need some help. Had single digits check their end. It appears that we have an issue with the splash page for mobile devices. We had issues this weekend with patrons connecting to the public WiFi. Single Digits reviewed and have asked if gtbcorps can review the splash page for any issues.

Let me know if you have any issues.

Jason Nazareth RPA FMA
Manager, Energy & Technical Services
Oxford Properties Group
Square One Shopping Centre
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FW: URGENT - Wifi Card Attached Hi Martinez, just sending this through to you as an FYI.
We are printing them today as  bags are being stuffed on Sunday.

Lesley Boughen, Tourism Manager
Yorkdale Shopping Centre
Oxford Properties Group
1 Yorkdale Road, Suite 500, Toronto,ON M6A3A1
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Issue with Social WiFi at Yorkdale If anyone copied is at Yorkdale and can provide a screen capture of what
they see when connecting to the guest wifi, that would be a big help. If no
one is at the mall I will go myself as soon as I can.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Automatic reply: Social WiFi at Yorkdale is Operational Please be advised that I am out of the office. I am returning to the office Monday, January 18. If your matter requires urgent assistance please contact Karen Tran (ktran@oxfordproperties.com or 416-865-8309).
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Yorkdale missing stores Just quickly going through and looking at the data….

·        Centre Corridor West, Holt Renfrew Corridor and Nordstrom Court looks light in traffic

·        Dyson, Woolrich, Zadig, Lauderee, Moose Knuckle, Jamies Italian not showing data

·        Mulberry and Bvlgari not showing traffic info

·        Tiffany – time spent in store looks light


Marco Biasiotto, Director – Analytics, Insights & Innovation
Oxford Properties Group

100 Adelaide Street W., Suite 900
Toronto, ON  M5H 0E2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Wifi Connexions coming from Aylmer Qc No worries and thank you Martinez!
Best,
Kathleen
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: WiFi Status: Yorkdale / UCM Thanks for your help!

Please don’t hesitate to let me know if there’s anything further with which we can assist, and I’ll be happy to do so at any time.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Square One Shopping Centre Low WiFi Logins Thanks Derek. I will raise a ticket.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Social WiFi Launch at LPG and Kingsway Morning Derek,

Any updates from your team?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sensors Offline at Yorkdale - ac8674811380 ac8674808730 ac86748113e8 Hi Service,

The following sensors at Yorkdale have stopped sending data to our system.
Could you take a look and power cycle the ports?

ac8674811380
ac8674808730
ac86748113e8
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Sign In Issue at STC No Problem. Will you continue to follow up with Single Digits from here or is there further action required on our end? Can you provide us update when the issue is rectified?

Team – fyi, please see below regarding free wifi in case custricks ask.


Jeff Tsuji, RPA, SMA
Manager, Operations
Scarborough Town Centre

Oxford Properties Group
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WiFi Analytics: Tags, Asset/Staff Tracking, HVAC controls Hi Bob,

Good to see you today. As discussed, please find a summary:


- We can use the high density sensor placement at Yorkdale to provide
tracking of assets or staff using tags. We recommend segmenting the mall in
a number of zones (say 20 zones across the mall). We will be able to
provide the last known location of each tag in the mall with zone level
accuracy in real-time.
- We recommend using Vestac tags. These tags claim a 2+ year battery
lifetime. Details at http://www.vestac.com/
- Other tags are as follows (we have not confirmed their compatibility
with stress tests):
http://www.cisco.com/web/partners/pr46/pr147/ccx_wifi_tags.html
- We can provide real-time alerts when number of guests in a zone exceed
a certain threshold (say over 500 guests in the bay court).
- We will work with the HVAC vendor to explore options for automated
control of temperature.

We will send you the system architecture soon.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
yorkdale sending a big campaign right now :
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Yorkdale - Sensors offline -ac8674434928, ac86748095d0 - INC000000071679 Hi Aditya,

Correct; the Tumi area is under construction and this sensor was removed and provided to us. As we knew it to be functional, we swapped it for the flapping/defective one in Tora.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Wi-Fi Codes Hi Martinez,

Noted. Thank you! Do you know if there is a way to have a QR Code scanning function which would then open the splash page with the information auto-populated and they would just have to click connect?

Let me know, thank you!

Cassidy Putnam, Guest Experience Manager
Oxford Properties Group
Yorkdale Shopping Centre
1 Yorkdale Rd | Toronto, ON M6A 3A1 | Canada
Suite 500
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
South Centre Mall Calgary - Ticket #[682183] - Connectivity Issue 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Sensor offline at Yorkdale Shopping Centre - ac86747ff7e8, ac86748095d0 and ac86748112f8 Hi Noah,

I’ll look into the first; regarding the latter two, construction is ongoing in that area and the units have been removed. We will advise when construction is completed and the units (or new ones) are put back in.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Query is: What was the wifi issue that square one had
->>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>  Results full text index:
Fwd: Ticket #2972965: Square One Shopping Centre: Public WIFI outage at Square One Need some help. Had single digits check their end. It appears that we have an issue with the splash page for mobile devices. We had issues this weekend with patrons connecting to the public WiFi. Single Digits reviewed and have asked if gtbcorps can review the splash page for any issues.

Let me know if you have any issues.

Jason Nazareth RPA FMA
Manager, Energy & Technical Services
Oxford Properties Group
Square One Shopping Centre
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Square One - gtbcorps - Sensors Offline - INC000000074428 Hi Wing,

Unfortunately, that's not how it usually works. Sensors would send us data
irrespective of whether there is traffic (eg. WiFi devices) in the mall
itself given that the sensor is online. However, it is true that the
sensors have been going offline primarily during the time of Covid-19
restrictions.

This is not to say that the sensors have been offline throughout the whole
week. Once they are power cycled by Rycom, most do seem to come back online
for a period of time. However, they seem to go back offline shortly after.

Since much can't currently be done on-site, I was hoping to find out if
there was anything on the backend that could be done to remedy this.
Otherwise, @Jason Nazareth <JNazareth@oxfordproperties.com>, once the
restrictions of COVID-19 are lifted, we can take a deeper look into what
the issue may be and I will just continue to report the offline sensors to
Rycom as I have been.

Let me know what you think
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Square One - gtbcorps - Sensors Offline - INC000000074428 Hi Wing,

I've had our team take a look into the issue. The sensors are online. It
seems that the issue was with reporting on our end and that is resolved.
I'll continue to send details of any confirmed offline sensors over to
Rycom in order to be power cycled.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Social WiFi Outage Hello,

I just wanted to introduce myself as I will be working with Juan, Carter
and Martinez across the Oxford Properties sites moving forward.

We've noticed there is still an issue with the guest WiFi at Square One.
Would you be able to let us know if SingleDigits has had an opportunity to
amend their configurations? It seems that this issue has not yet been
resolved.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Social WiFi at Square One Hi Toni and Samantha,

I hope you had a good weekend. Just a quick refresher on the current state
of the splash page. Below is a link to what we have now. I took the banner
image from what was being used by Single Digits.

https://splash.gtbcorp.com/o/portal/sw_1.jsp?swid=7517409&isPreview=
iKnowWhatIAmDoing&challenge=88888888

This page will be viewed most often on a mobile screen, so be sure to open
it on your mobile or resize your browser appropriately to get the most
accurate experience of the page.

Since we have developed the copy, T&C, and links with the national team, we
will only require an updated banner image. Jason has sent me the following
today.[image: Inline image 1]

This will work fine but if you have something more exciting you would like
to greet people with, send it my way.

Requirements for the image are fairly loose. We recommend that the image be
approximately 500 pixels tall and 1500 pixels wide with the subject centred
so that it will not be cut off on mobile screens. I can provide a preview
with any image you provide before the page goes live.

Here are previews of other sites for your reference:
https://splash.gtbcorp.com/o/portal/sw_1.jsp?swid=7517401&isPreview=iKnowWhatIAmDoing&challenge=88888888
https://splash.gtbcorp.com/o/portal/sw_1.jsp?swid=7517402&isPreview=iKnowWhatIAmDoing&challenge=88888888
https://splash.gtbcorp.com/o/portal/sw_1.jsp?swid=7517404&isPreview=iKnowWhatIAmDoing&challenge=88888888

Let me know if you have any questions!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Event at Square One Hello Martinez
Last night we had a big event at Square one in the area from Jamie’s Italian wrapping around the luxury corridor past Holt Renfrew to the Rolex store.
The number of guests we that showed up was 1,130 not counting some of the mall staff etc.
The numbers I am puljaime from gtbcorps is about 750 for the three hours of the event.
What can we do asap to get better traffic numbers for the space?
Need to run an analysis.
M


Marco Biasiotto, Director – Analytics, Insights & Innovation
Oxford Properties Group

100 Adelaide Street W., Suite 900
Toronto, ON  M5H 0E2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 4

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

1.04 Capitale On-Going 31-May-16

Sensor & Infrastructure Placements

During the site meeting, The site team requested to have the 

Aislelabs installation completed as a single phase. Some areas of 

the site have new ceilings installed and some areas have existing 

ceiling to be demolished or have been demolished.

INFORMATION

In order to accommodate the request, RYCOM will place infrastructure into the final sensor location 

as close as possible and leave 20' coils on the cabling. The cabling will be placed as high as possible 

into the steal structure. Once the new ceiling starts to be framed. The general contractor trades 

(Coordinated by others) will place the sensors into the final location as define on the RCP drawings. 

NOTE - It's critical the sensors be placed within 5' accuracy as shown on drawings to achieve 

accurate counts. 

OXFORD 

MARKETING

CAPITALE

RYCOM

AISLELABS

GENERAL 

CONTRACTOR

1.05 Capitale Update 23-Jun-16

Project Timing

Section to track the Timeline for the project.

19-Aug-16

Anticipated start date of Monday July 11th. Anticipated completion by August 12th. RYCOM will 

attempt to improve on completion date. 

UPDATED JULY-17-2016 - Progress on site is going well. By the end of the 1st week nearly all the 

cabling has been pulled

RYCOM

AISLELABS

TBL

1.07 Capitale NEW 15-Jul-16

Internet Issue - the Capitale network is not currently being 

managed like the other Base Buildings RYCOM has commissioned. 

It was brought to our attention the public Wifi was cutting in and 

out. Laure Pettigrew reached out to RYCOM to attempt to identify 

the problem. Reviewing the logs, the internet is becoming over 

loaded and is causing internet outages as it can't handle the 

traffic.

ASAP

JULY-15-2016 - RYCOM has recommended a higher speed internet connection be placed at the 

shopping centre. RYCOM could provide the appropriate sized internet connection for this point in 

time provided a managed service is selected. The site can  also procure their own and RYCOM can 

configure. RYCOM has notified Aislelabs of this issue as well. Pending direction from site how to 

proceed.

RYCOM

CAPITALE

2.02 Hillcrest Update 18-May-16

Revised Drawings

Aisle labs provided a revised drawing. RYCOM to review and 

provide Comments 

22-Jul-16

RYCOM has reviewed and provided comments. The base building network was designed by others 

but was limited to support mostly common area locations. RYCOM identified areas where Ethernet 

extension technology would be required and provided a high level budget per clouded area  and 

asked the site to confirm how they would like to move forward.

UPDATE JUN-02-16 - Revised drawings with site team. They removed the Hudson Bay, & Sporting 

Life sensors from scope. Upon roll out, RYCOM will identify other possible means of providing 

sensors in this area.

UPDATE JULY-17-16 - Reviewing and developing a Plan.

OXFORD 

MARKETING

HILLCREST

RYCOM

AISLELABS

2.04 Hillcrest Update 2-Jun-16

Project Timing

Section to track the Timeline for the project.

17-Jul-16

Aislelabs - Sensors proposed to be onsite during the week of June 13th.

RYCOM - Estimated start mid week of June 6th.

UPDATE JUNE-23-16 - Approx. 70 percent of cable roughed in. Sensor placement starting June 27th.

Anticipated partial turn-up by July 6th, New Construction may not meet this timeline. 

UPDATED JUL-17-16 - All sensors are placed except the ones to go in Starbucks. An attempt was 

made to get sensors inside Starbucks however due to the glass frontage, The cabling won't be  able 

to be placed inside Starbucks.  Sensors to be placed on the roof instead.  Aislelabs has confirmed 

they can see the sensors except the Starbucks.

RYCOM

AISLE LABS

HILLCREST

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or influencing 

this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

Welcome!!!! This document package is to provide updates and highlights to the Progression of the Project

HIGHLIGHTS

- Hillcrest completed except rooftop. (Rooftop scope is part of separate proposal with the property)

- Capitale, 80 percent of 1st floor cabling roughed in. Anticipated completion of common areas by July 29th.

- Quebec Construction Holiday between July 24 to August 7, 2016, Wasn't factored into the schedule. (1 week delay overall)

- Capitale, Anchor cabling and sensor placement completed after the construction Holiday.  Anticipated Completion Aug-19-16

- STC Aislelabs Design under review. RYCOM will provide some budgetary options.

 Print Issue Date: 07,17,2016  9:43 PM

Page 1 of 2



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 4

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or influencing 

this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

Welcome!!!! This document package is to provide updates and highlights to the Progression of the Project

HIGHLIGHTS

- Hillcrest completed except rooftop. (Rooftop scope is part of separate proposal with the property)

- Capitale, 80 percent of 1st floor cabling roughed in. Anticipated completion of common areas by July 29th.

- Quebec Construction Holiday between July 24 to August 7, 2016, Wasn't factored into the schedule. (1 week delay overall)

- Capitale, Anchor cabling and sensor placement completed after the construction Holiday.  Anticipated Completion Aug-19-16

- STC Aislelabs Design under review. RYCOM will provide some budgetary options.

2.05 Hillcrest NEW 4-Jul-16

Conduits on Roof Top to avoid tenant space

To avoid going through tenant space, RYCOM is reviewing options 

to have the sensors placed on the rooftop. ASAP

RYCOM  has performed a walk around with the base building electrical contractor to route conduit 

on the roof. The property had requested RYCOM to have another contractor review the scope of 

work.

July 11th 2016 - Another contractor walked the site and is preparing a quotation.

RYCOM

Hillcrest

3.02 Yorkdale OPEN 17-May-16

TIMING & APPROACH

RYCOM participated in Oxford's National Marketing Kickoff 

meeting with Yorkdale. The site is fine tuning the installation of 

where they would like sensors placed. Discussed Timing of 

Projects

TBD

East & West Expansions cabling to be completed prior to expansion opening. (Would recommend 

sensor installation with cabling to keep within budgets provided.) Central Shopping Centre to start 

in Q2. Yorkdale Marketing to refine the stores that could use High Density Now.

Pending Direction to proceed.

RYCOM

AISLE LABS

OXFORD 

MARKETING

YORKDALE

3.03 Yorkdale OPEN 19-May-16

Drawings & Timing

Aislelabs provided drawings identifying areas where high density 

sensors would need to be installed. TBD

Information is with Oxford National Marketing to Review. RYCOM has provided a breakdown of the 

East, West & Central Aislelabs Installation Pricing.

Pending Direction to proceed.

RYCOM

AISLE LABS

OXFORD 

MARKETING

YORKDALE

3.04 Yorkdale NEW 29-Jun-16

Nordstrom Court

RYCOM rec'vd request to provide pricing to install a limited run of 

Aislelabs sensors in Nordstrom court
2-Jul-16

It would be beneficial to install all the sensors required in Nordstrom court as a special lift is 

required due to the ceiling elevation. 

Pending Direction to proceed. - REF# DHA-01473
National Marketing

3.05 Yorkdale NEW 17-Jul-16

Rooftop Work

In order to avoid routing infrastructure through tenant space, 

Conduits and rooftop openings will be required.

INFORMATION

Notification outside work is required. It would be beneficial to have work completed in Fall of 2015 

or spring of 2016.  Roof portion contains conduits, roof access openings and cabling. Yorkdale

4.01 STC NEW 6-Jul-16

Sensor Placements

STC has revised the sensor placements from the original drawing 

provided. Coverage is requested inside the Anchor tenants that 

wasn't accounted for. The significances is, Ethernet extender 

technology maybe required. RYCOM to review and ASAP

RYCOM reviewed options with Aislelabs regarding Pad sites. Point to Point wireless could be used 

however has I high order of magnitude in overall cost.  Another option is to procuring single Internet 

connections, (1) per pad site. There would be a monthly on-going fee for such internet connections.

RYCOM reviewing inside the shopping centre concerns.
STC

National Marketing

RYCOM

Aislelabs

4.02 STC NEW 17-Jul-16

Unique Offer - There is a unique offer available  until July 25th 

2016. STC has the ability to leverage this unique offer providing 

approval is received from National Programs and the order is 

placed before July 2016

25-Jul-16

RYCOM to receive direction from National Marketing how to proceed. Pending approval from 

Oxford National Programs.
National Programs

STC

RYCOM

5.01 Square one NEW 17-Jul-16

Unique Offer - There is a unique offer available  until July 25th 

2016. Square one has the ability to leverage this unique offer 

providing approval is received from National Programs and the 

order is placed before July 2016

25-Jul-16

RYCOM to receive direction from National Marketing how to proceed. Pending approval from 

Oxford National Programs.
National Programs

Square One

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 07,17,2016  9:43 PM

Page 2 of 2



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Police request inquiry Good Afternoon Martinez.
We have had a request following a violent crime in the area of the centre back in February.
The police are working hard to identify the suspect.
We know through video that following the incident off property, the suspect walked along the mall exterior (but relatively close to the building) and hailed a cab at the south doors of Walmart.  He would have passed by an area where the dedicated security and employee wifi was still on.
We know our public wifi was disabled, but is there a way to track the person through beacons/wifi pings to try and identify aspects of the phone, therefore user?
This would all be provided to the police through our Oxford waivers to adhere to Privacy guidelines should we be able to find anything useful.

Perhaps a stretch but wanted to ask.

Jaime Raymond (she/her)
Manager, Security

Square One Shopping Centre
100 City Centre Dr
Mississauga ON, L5B 2C9
Canada
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Oxford/gtbcorps Meeting Updates: 9th Feb Hi Marco, Lauren, Manil,

Here are the takeaways from the meeting today. You will also get a *separate
email from me on your meeting preparation for the Tuesday*.

*Product Update - Space Occupancy Page*
You now have access to this page. It can show the number of people in a
space at a given time point.

*Product Update - **Entrance Report*
This page access is also provided, but it is still in active development

*Product Update - Design and Aesthetics*
We will update in next 3-4 weeks as this activity completes

*Product Updates - Others*

- Updated filtering capability with lot more boolean functionality and
exclude feature
- View list of spaces and filter by type (stores) and categories
- Affinity numbers added to the cross-shop numbers in Space Report
- Floor plans and maps updated to the new white ones


*More Malls - STC, UCM, SQ1, and Southcenter:*
Calibration underway, with an expected delivery date by end of Feb. Square
One to be janety in March. We plan to complete Southcenter in April, let me
know if this is okay.

*Yorkdale - Cheesecake Factory:*
The issue of low visits was resolved. We propose that we should apply this
type of filter to all store entrance spaces if the Oxford team agrees. We
will discuss further at our next meeting.

*Yorkdale - **Mulberry and other new stores:*
Mulberry is noted as a problem store. We will need to calibrate Moose
Knuckle. Mohannad will reach out next week to create a plan.

*Yourkdale - Emerald Court:*
You will get an update on Monday on this issue.

*Store Categories*
I believe you had sent Mohannad store categories for 65 stores which are
aljanety applied. Please send for the rest of the stores and we will make
the setting update.

*STC Cleaning Carts*
We will for the time being ask the property to wait until the current
dashboard changes complete (over next 2-3 months) and revisit this at that
time.

*Product - Page Load Time*
We will provide an update every 4 weeks to improve page load times.

*Product **API Updates - Ordered Visits*
We will discuss in one of our next meetings to set a timeline for request
from Manil to add the order of space visits in the API.

*Data Lake Initiative*
We will wait for requests if any for data for the pilot you will be
conducting. As we discussed, each of the sensors collects around 1,700
pings per hours. This makes for 15 million daily pings from Yorkdale alone.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 12

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.07 Yorkdale Final Outcome 30-Jan-17

APPROVALS

RYCOM Rev'd e-mail notifying capital is approved. 

30-Jan-17

In order to execute, RYCOM will need a signed copy of the Rogers agreements. 

RYCOM is getting the final Rogers proposals  signed and will submit to the 

property for approval.

FEB-13-17 - Waiting for signed proposals from site

FEB-21-17 - Waiting for signed proposals.

FEB-23-17 -  Rec'vd signed approval

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM

3.10 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Roof

Document Progress occurring on for the rooftop pathways.

13-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Onsite coordination occurring to find best possible entry's into 

ceilings.

FEB-06-17 - Reviewing pathway over Forever XXI. RYCOM to review pathways 

prior to holes being placed in roof. RYCOM will seek approval from Yorkdale.

FEB-10-17 - Reviewed pathways with Ampere.

FEB-13-17 - Submitted proposed pathways to site. Site modified drawings and 

approved. Pending start of roof work due to weather conditions.

FEB-21-17 - Conduits on roof installed, meeting with roofing company happening 

on Thursday to review pitch pocket locations. Work to start as early as this Friday.

FEB-28-17 - Starting rooftop penetrations today  on high roofs

MAR-09-17 - Access Hatches where installed. (2) Locations are almost ready for 

cable installation, Other locations pending waiting for better weather.

MAR-26-17 - Consolidation point cabling installation to start MAR-27-17

RYCOM

AMPERE

SEMPLE GOODER

3.11 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Outside / Tenant Space

Document progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

28-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Reviewed Onsite. Pending installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.12 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation started Monday, techs are reviewing pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% roughed In. Need to review difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% terminate, 70% sensors placed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Walmart & Sears locations completed, pending start date for Hudson Bay & Forever XXI from property, review Cineplex Wednesday.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Rooftop conduits complete, cabling installation to start this week.

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site. (no change)

- Gatineau anchors store installations starting this week. Completion on Track for March-31-17

- Southcentre (3) BBN cabinets roughed in. Issues with access & access hatches. Discussed with onsite meeting with Gerry MAR-27-17

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 11th. (Hope everyone had a great March break)

 Print Issue Date: 03,28,2017  7:01 AM

Page 1 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 12

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Walmart & Sears locations completed, pending start date for Hudson Bay & Forever XXI from property, review Cineplex Wednesday.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Rooftop conduits complete, cabling installation to start this week.

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site. (no change)

- Gatineau anchors store installations starting this week. Completion on Track for March-31-17

- Southcentre (3) BBN cabinets roughed in. Issues with access & access hatches. Discussed with onsite meeting with Gerry MAR-27-17

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 11th. (Hope everyone had a great March break)

3.13 Yorkdale UPDATE 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Rough in Started around Shoppers. Need to review sensors located 

near Bay. May need to place on Bay store front.

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending start 

date. Milestones under construction will coordinate install with property.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.15 Yorkdale UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs 23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Conduit routed through Indigo ready for RYCOM. Pending Installation 

of rooftop conduits. Will need to arrange access into Home Outfitters to pass 

cable through electrical RM.

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work 80% dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending 

start date. Consolidation point installation starting this week. Will require access 

to Sportschk & Bose. RYCOM to confirm date.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.16 Yorkdale OPEN 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

5-Apr-17

FEB-22-17 - Installation started 

FEB-28-17 - 100%  roughed In

MAR-27-17 - 75% dropped. Consolidation point installation starting this week for 

area by Harry Rosen.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale UPDATE 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 03,28,2017  7:01 AM

Page 2 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 12

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Walmart & Sears locations completed, pending start date for Hudson Bay & Forever XXI from property, review Cineplex Wednesday.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Rooftop conduits complete, cabling installation to start this week.

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site. (no change)

- Gatineau anchors store installations starting this week. Completion on Track for March-31-17

- Southcentre (3) BBN cabinets roughed in. Issues with access & access hatches. Discussed with onsite meeting with Gerry MAR-27-17

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 11th. (Hope everyone had a great March break)

3.18 Yorkdale UPDATE 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughing started Approx. 40%

FEB-28-17 - No  change

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Tower portion to be started once all lift work is completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.19 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

1-May-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-27-17 - Roughing started. Consolidation point installation starting this week. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.07 STC OPEN 27-Feb-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on new networking equipment

Ordered = equipment on order and being configured

Staging = equipment is programmed @ available

Installed = equipment is installed onsite and Ready. 1-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - RYCOM PM ordered networking equipment to be configured and 

shipped to Vaughan office. Will attempt to have equipment installed prior to Feb-

27th date.

FEB-07-17 - Network gear Installing now ahead of schedule. 

FEB-14-17 - 25% installed.

FEB-16-17 - Network equipment is installed (1) Switch location needs to be 

reviewed with client.

FEB-28-17  - Network switch to be placed inside LL.06 Cabinet.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.08 STC UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
21-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 PENDING START - Focusing on upper & lower levels

FEB-24-17 - Walked with OM and spoke with Managers at each anchor tenant 

except for The Bay & Cineplex. OM to coordinate access into site. Likely to start 

March 13th. Assuming (1) week per Anchor. 

MAR-09-17  - Coordinated to start Anchor Installations. Proposed time as follows: 

March 13 to March 17 – Sears, March 20 to March 24 – Walmart

March 27 to March 31 – Forever XXXI,  April 3 to April 7 – HBC. We have a 2nd 

crew and can expedite if access is available.

MAR-24-17 - Cabling installed at Sears & Walmart. Pending approval for Forever 

XXI & Bay

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.09 STC UPDATE 21-Mar-17

CINEPLEX  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring for Cineplex area

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

29-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - PENDING START - Focusing on upper & lower levels

MAR-09-17 - Proposed start April 10 to April 14 – Cineplex 

MAR-24-17 - Setup time to review pathway with property on MAR-29-17

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 03,28,2017  7:01 AM

Page 3 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 12

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Walmart & Sears locations completed, pending start date for Hudson Bay & Forever XXI from property, review Cineplex Wednesday.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Rooftop conduits complete, cabling installation to start this week.

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site. (no change)

- Gatineau anchors store installations starting this week. Completion on Track for March-31-17

- Southcentre (3) BBN cabinets roughed in. Issues with access & access hatches. Discussed with onsite meeting with Gerry MAR-27-17

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 11th. (Hope everyone had a great March break)

4.1 STC UPDATE 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

29-Mar-17

Aislelabs procuring sensors. Will ship to RYCOM once they receive them.

JAN-31-17 - STC would like a spare sensor pool onsite approx. (5) extra sensors. To 

be reviewed by Aislelabs.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, (5) extra Sensors will be handed over to 

the property.

FEB-21-17 - Extra sensors have delivered to site, have been placed inside MER 

Core cabinet.

MAR-09-17 - Aislelabs is creating database for site.

MAR-24-17 - Aislelabs reported issues with a couple of sensors. Techs & NOC will 

look into this next week and confirm back with Aislelabs.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.12 STC UPDATE 7-Feb-17

Locality Sensor & Gateway Removal

RYCOM will remove old Locality sensors and gateways and provide to landlord.

TBD

Pending Start.

MAR-09-17 - Locality Sensors have been removed and placed in MER Cabinet. 

They will be handed over to the client.

MAR-24-17 - Derek to confirm if sensors where handed to property.

(blank)

5.02 Square one OPEN 23-Jan-17

REVISED DRAWINGS

RYCOM has Rev'd the revised drawings for Square One.

10-Feb-17

RYCOM to review drawings against the original quote and revise quote as 

necessary and re-submit by weeks end.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM updated budget and submitted to Marketing. Rogers unique 

offer quotation to follow by end of week.

FEB-09-17 - Budget issue, RYCOM to discuss with Marketing

FEB-23-17 - Submitted proposal to site team, per direction from marketing

FEB-28-17 - Submitted estimated port counts after Aislelabs installation. Site 

wanted to add (2) additional switches. Have provided quotation to site. Pending 

direction to proceed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.04 Square one OPEN 23-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

The site would like to get the installations underway.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM will provide a high level schedule of start and end dates if we split the 

resources amongst Yorkdale and Square One. Durations of each site will be longer 

then original scheduled.

FEB-10-17 - Splitting the crews would delay the completion of Yorkdale to approx. 

end of August. Current Baseline is end of May.

FEB-13-17 - RYCOM has committed to see if there are ways to start Square One 

earlier. Potential the crew from STC could go to Square One to start 

FEB-28-17 - Square One will start once STC is completed. Estimated start is mid 

April, will improve timeline if possible.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.03 UCM OPEN 28-Feb-17

Proposed Schedule

Track proposed start dates

TBD

UCM will start once Yorkdale is completed. Estimated start month is June. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 03,28,2017  7:01 AM

Page 4 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 12

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Walmart & Sears locations completed, pending start date for Hudson Bay & Forever XXI from property, review Cineplex Wednesday.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Rooftop conduits complete, cabling installation to start this week.

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site. (no change)

- Gatineau anchors store installations starting this week. Completion on Track for March-31-17

- Southcentre (3) BBN cabinets roughed in. Issues with access & access hatches. Discussed with onsite meeting with Gerry MAR-27-17

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 11th. (Hope everyone had a great March break)

8.04 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

Access Hatch Installation

RYCOM is reviewing pathways throughout the site to determine how the Aislelabs 

installation will occur.

24-Feb-17

MAR-09-17 - RYCOM has reviewed pathways and in the process of preparing a 

drawing showing potential access hatch locations. Will be having a call on MAR-10-

17 with site to review.

MAR-27-17 - Had an onsite meeting with Gerry. RYCOM proposal didn't include for 

access hatch installation. property didn't' carry budget. Issue to be discussed with 

Sam when he is back from vacation. RYCOM to prepare access hatch drawing. 

Gerry to provide access hatch vendor contact information to continue progression.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.05 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

MAR-09-17 - Roughed in all sensors going to Admin office. Cabinet #3. Cabinet #2 

is roughed in. 

MAR-26-17 - Cables pulled to BBN cabinets #3, #4 &  proposed #1, work 

progressing slowly due to access hatch & access issues.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.06 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for AisleLabs

TBD

Pending start on the upper level.

MAR-26-17 - Installation of upper level to start this coming week. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.07 Southcentre OPEN 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

9.03 Gatineau UPDATE 9-Mar-17

MAIN LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

31-Mar-17

MAR-09-17 - Cables roughed in @ food court.

MAR-24 - Pulled in installation of (38) locations to date.

MAR-27-17 - To be completed by March -31-17

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

9.04 Gatineau UPDATE 27-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

31-Mar-17

Pending start for anchor tenants

MAR-24-17 - Anchor installations have been coordinated and started. Costco on 

hold until we receive update from property.

MAR-27-17 - To be completed by March -31-17

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 03,28,2017  7:01 AM

Page 5 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 12

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Walmart & Sears locations completed, pending start date for Hudson Bay & Forever XXI from property, review Cineplex Wednesday.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Rooftop conduits complete, cabling installation to start this week.

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site. (no change)

- Gatineau anchors store installations starting this week. Completion on Track for March-31-17

- Southcentre (3) BBN cabinets roughed in. Issues with access & access hatches. Discussed with onsite meeting with Gerry MAR-27-17

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 11th. (Hope everyone had a great March break)

10.01 DIX30 UPDATE 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed last week. Approx. 6 

to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to provide 

budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is completed.

FEB-21-17 - Rev'd drawings Aislelabs drawings. Pending BBN design completion 

prior to pricing Aislelabs.

MAR-27-17 - BBN Design 50% completed. Once final is done RYCOM to provide 

budget for Aislelabs.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 03,28,2017  7:01 AM

Page 6 of 6



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: gtbcorps Sensors Yorkdale We're not sure what the cause is, unfortunately. We tested disabjaime
meshing for this issue at UCM and the sensor did not start functioning
correctly.

It could be a VLAN issue. We just had a meshing sensor in the new Mega Parc
install at Capitale and that was the cause. It may also be possible that
the sensor is connected through the wrong physical port on the device (not
the 802.3af port).

If you could swap out one of the devices and return it to us, our
networking team would take a look and see if the issue is the sensor.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Food District - Square One Hey Martinez - I was wondering if you can pull any of the info below for the Food District for  Square One Food District for me...
What kind of data about the patrons in the Food Hall would be helpful?

*   Demographics
*   Dwell time
*   Patterns in behaviour e.g. clustering in certain locations etc or any other behavior?
*   Differences by time of day

We had a dialogue around the gtbcorps and it just opened up a greater dialogue for us to talk about next week.
Will put a presentation together illustrating what we can do with it and what we have done.. and who uses it...
Any slides you can provide me to give me more firepower to add to a deck to show off the uses and use cases would be greatly appreciated.
marco



Marco Biasiotto, Senior Director - Analytics, Insights & Innovation
Oxford Properties Group

100 Adelaide Street W., Suite 900
Toronto, ON  M5H 0E2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Cos at Square One Hi Manil,

We have invistigated and it appears that the Square One store was not
capturing many of the shorter visits to the store. We have corrected the
issue and you should see the updated counts on the Square One dashboard.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 10

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.10 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Roof

Document Progress occurring on for the rooftop pathways.

13-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Onsite coordination occurring to find best possible entry's into 

ceilings.

FEB-06-17 - Reviewing pathway over Forever XXI. RYCOM to review pathways 

prior to holes being placed in roof. RYCOM will seek approval from Yorkdale.

FEB-10-17 - Reviewed pathways with Ampere.

FEB-13-17 - Submitted proposed pathways to site. Site modified drawings and 

approved. Pending start of roof work due to weather conditions.

FEB-21-17 - Conduits on roof installed, meeting with roofing company happening 

on Thursday to review pitch pocket locations. Work to start as early as this Friday.

FEB-28-17 - Starting rooftop penetrations today  on high roofs

RYCOM

AMPERE

SEMPLE GOODER

3.11 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Outside / Tenant Space

Document progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

28-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Reviewed Onsite. Pending installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.12 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation started Monday, techs are reviewing pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% roughed In. Need to review difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% terminate, 70% sensors placed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale UPDATE 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC common areas completed end of week, ready for Aislelabs by early next week. Anchor coordination started. 

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas.  Rooftop conduits 80% installed, Need to review west expansion. 

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs continue to review pathways, installation has started, approx. 5% roughed in.

- UCM - Pending start date looking at June, once Yorkdale is completed will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for March 28th (will skip the one scheduled for the March break)

 Print Issue Date: 02,28,2017  10:41 AM

Page 1 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 10

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC common areas completed end of week, ready for Aislelabs by early next week. Anchor coordination started. 

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas.  Rooftop conduits 80% installed, Need to review west expansion. 

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs continue to review pathways, installation has started, approx. 5% roughed in.

- UCM - Pending start date looking at June, once Yorkdale is completed will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for March 28th (will skip the one scheduled for the March break)

3.15 Yorkdale OPEN 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.16 Yorkdale UPDATE 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

5-Apr-17

FEB-22-17 - Installation started 

FEB-28-17 - 100%  roughed In National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale OPEN 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale UPDATE 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughing started Approx. 40%

FEB-28-17 - No  change National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.19 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

1-May-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.05 STC UPDATE 16-Jan-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

2-Feb-17

JAN-23-17 - 60%  of cables are roughed in. roughing in lower & upper levels 

concurrently

JAN-30-17 -  80% of cables are roughed in. Dropping of cables will start this week.

FEB-07-17 - 100% roughed In, 95% terminated. Sensor install on track to complete 

FEB-14-17.

FEB-14-17 - 95% complete. Waiting on switch installation All sensors installed.

FEB-21-17 - Will patch sensors Next week.

FEB-28-17 - Sensors to be patched and turned up this week. Will provide updated 

drawing to Aislelabs  by weeks end.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,28,2017  10:41 AM

Page 2 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 10

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC common areas completed end of week, ready for Aislelabs by early next week. Anchor coordination started. 

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas.  Rooftop conduits 80% installed, Need to review west expansion. 

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs continue to review pathways, installation has started, approx. 5% roughed in.

- UCM - Pending start date looking at June, once Yorkdale is completed will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for March 28th (will skip the one scheduled for the March break)

4.06 STC UPDATE 16-Jan-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for AisleLabs
27-Feb-17

JAN-23-17  - 10 percent of cables are roughed in on the upper level. 

JAN-30-17 - 20 percent of cables are roughed in on the upper level.

FEB-07-17 - No Change. Resources focused on Lower Level.

FEB-14-17 - 40% Roughed in.

FEB-21-17 - Roughing complete, 50% Dropped. On track

FEB-28-17 - Testing completed, sensors to be patched and turned up this week. 

Will provide updated drawing to Aislelabs by weeks end.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.07 STC UPDATE 27-Feb-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on new networking equipment

Ordered = equipment on order and being configured

Staging = equipment is programmed @ available

Installed = equipment is installed onsite and Ready. 1-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - RYCOM PM ordered networking equipment to be configured and 

shipped to Vaughan office. Will attempt to have equipment installed prior to Feb-

27th date.

FEB-07-17 - Network gear Installing now ahead of schedule. 

FEB-14-17 - 25% installed.

FEB-16-17 - Network equipment is installed (1) Switch location needs to be 

reviewed with client.

FEB-28-17  - Network switch to be placed inside LL.06 Cabinet.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.08 STC UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

21-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 PENDING START - Focusing on upper & lower levels

FEB-24-17 - Walked with OM and spoke with Managers at each anchor tenant 

except for The Bay & Cineplex. OM to coordinate access into site. Likely to start 

March 13th. Assuming (1) week per Anchor. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.09 STC OPEN 21-Mar-17

CINEPLEX  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring for Cineplex area

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

29-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - PENDING START - Focusing on upper & lower levels

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.1 STC UPDATE 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

29-Mar-17

Aislelabs procuring sensors. Will ship to RYCOM once they receive them.

JAN-31-17 - STC would like a spare sensor pool onsite approx. (5) extra sensors. To 

be reviewed by Aislelabs.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, (5) extra Sensors will be handed over to 

the property.

FEB-21-17 - Extra sensors have delivered to site, have been placed inside MER 

Core cabinet.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.12 STC OPEN 7-Feb-17

Locality Sensor & Gateway Removal

RYCOM will remove old Locality sensors and gateways and provide to landlord.
TBD

Pending Start.

(blank)

 Print Issue Date: 02,28,2017  10:41 AM

Page 3 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 10

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC common areas completed end of week, ready for Aislelabs by early next week. Anchor coordination started. 

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas.  Rooftop conduits 80% installed, Need to review west expansion. 

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs continue to review pathways, installation has started, approx. 5% roughed in.

- UCM - Pending start date looking at June, once Yorkdale is completed will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for March 28th (will skip the one scheduled for the March break)

5.02 Square one UPDATE 23-Jan-17

REVISED DRAWINGS

RYCOM has Rev'd the revised drawings for Square One.

10-Feb-17

RYCOM to review drawings against the original quote and revise quote as 

necessary and re-submit by weeks end.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM updated budget and submitted to Marketing. Rogers unique 

offer quotation to follow by end of week.

FEB-09-17 - Budget issue, RYCOM to discuss with Marketing

FEB-23-17 - Submitted proposal to site team, per direction from marketing

FEB-28-17 - Submitted estimated port counts after Aislelabs installation. Site 

wanted to add (2) additional switches. Have provided quotation to site. Pending 

direction to proceed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.03 Square one Final Outcome 23-Jan-17

BUNDLING

Customer would like to potentially bundle Aislelabs & wireless installations 

together.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM project manager responsible for the site is currently working on a design 

package for wireless infrastructure and a Class "D" estimate of potential Wifi cost 

to have it installed.

FEB-03-17 - Proposal Submitted to Property, Pending Direction. 

FEB-10-17 - Phase #1 of Wifi has been awarded. Pending Start. 

FEB-28-17 - Closing this item off. Updates for Wifi to be provided under separate 

project.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.04 Square one UPDATE 23-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

The site would like to get the installations underway.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM will provide a high level schedule of start and end dates if we split the 

resources amongst Yorkdale and Square One. Durations of each site will be longer 

then original scheduled.

FEB-10-17 - Splitting the crews would delay the completion of Yorkdale to approx. 

end of August. Current Baseline is end of May.

FEB-13-17 - RYCOM has committed to see if there are ways to start Square One 

earlier. Potential the crew from STC could go to Square One to start 

FEB-28-17 - Square One will start once STC is completed. Estimated start is mid 

April, will improve timeline if possible.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.02 UCM Final Outcome 27-Jan-17

AWARDED CONTRACT - DHA-01409-02

RYCOM has been awarded the contract to start the installation of cabling for 

Aislelabs. 
TBD

Need to discuss if this site will be started once STC Is Completed.

JAN-27-17 - Rev'd signed Unique Offer Ready to start.

FEB-07-17 - Updated Scheduled with proposed start date. Marketing to confirm, 

RYCOM can coordinate with site once date is approved.

FEB-28-17 - Created Item 6.03 to track Start Date.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.03 UCM OPEN 28-Feb-17

Proposed Schedule

Track proposed start dates

TBD

UCM will start once Yorkdale is completed. Estimated start month is June. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,28,2017  10:41 AM

Page 4 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 10

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC common areas completed end of week, ready for Aislelabs by early next week. Anchor coordination started. 

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas.  Rooftop conduits 80% installed, Need to review west expansion. 

- Square One, submitted proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs continue to review pathways, installation has started, approx. 5% roughed in.

- UCM - Pending start date looking at June, once Yorkdale is completed will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for March 28th (will skip the one scheduled for the March break)

8.01 Southcentre UPDATE 27-Jan-17

QUOTATION SUBMITTED

RYCOM submitted quotations to complete the Aislelabs Installation along with the 

extension of the BBN into the proposed (2) common space areas.

30-Jan-17

JAN-30-17 - Submitted the  (3) quotation per the unique offer. The quotation were 

sent to the property for reference only. RYCOM would ask the property to review 

and provide feedback ASAP. We have submitted the quotations to Rogers for 

signature. Once we receive back we will submit to property for execution. 

FEB-07-17 - Pending approval.

FEB-13-17 - E-mail approval

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

9.02 Gatineau OPEN 13-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

Potential early start

PENDING

FEB-13-17 - The site can potential start 1st week of March pending award. RYCOM 

was able to setup another crew using local resources. We will have one of our 

senior techs experienced with the Aislelabs installation onsite. Need confirmation 

if Marketing and the site want to do move forward.

FEB-21-17 - Confirmed start with Site. Techs will be onsite March 6th to start 

installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

10.01 DIX30 UPDATE 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed last week. Approx. 6 

to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to provide 

budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is completed.

FEB-21-17 - Rev'd drawings Aislelabs drawings. Pending BBN design completion 

prior to pricing Aislelabs.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,28,2017  10:41 AM

Page 5 of 5



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 16

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.11 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Outside / Tenant Space

Document progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

28-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Reviewed Onsite. Pending installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.12 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation started Monday, techs are reviewing pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% roughed In. Need to review difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% terminate, 70% sensors placed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs 27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs
9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Rough in Started around Shoppers. Need to review sensors located 

near Bay. May need to place on Bay store front.

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending start 

date. Milestones under construction will coordinate install with property.

APR-04-17 - Everything roughed in and terminated except for outside locations. 

Need to coordinate access into new tenant area where milestones used to be.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

APR-25-17 - Testing Started inside Zone.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Forever XXI completed. Pending access to the Bay, Pending access to Sears to repair sensor near pick up door. (Property to advise)

- Yorkdale, reviewed pathways into anchor areas, will start coordinating access into the areas with the property. Testing has started and will continue. 

- Square One, 1st draft of master plan completed and submitted to site, pricing to be submitted, early next week. (Aislelabs pricing firm already)

- Gatineau site installation completed, Sports Experts needs a power supply replacement, RYCOM to schedule time to run temp cable to Costco 

Rooftop.

- Southcentre working on access into tenant areas.

- UCM - Kick-off meeting completed. Will update schedule, Investigation starting April 25th. Site is under redevelopment. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 9th.

 Print Issue Date: 04,25,2017  10:01 AM

Page 1 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 16

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Forever XXI completed. Pending access to the Bay, Pending access to Sears to repair sensor near pick up door. (Property to advise)

- Yorkdale, reviewed pathways into anchor areas, will start coordinating access into the areas with the property. Testing has started and will continue. 

- Square One, 1st draft of master plan completed and submitted to site, pricing to be submitted, early next week. (Aislelabs pricing firm already)

- Gatineau site installation completed, Sports Experts needs a power supply replacement, RYCOM to schedule time to run temp cable to Costco 

Rooftop.

- Southcentre working on access into tenant areas.

- UCM - Kick-off meeting completed. Will update schedule, Investigation starting April 25th. Site is under redevelopment. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 9th.

3.15 Yorkdale OPEN 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Conduit routed through Indigo ready for RYCOM. Pending Installation 

of rooftop conduits. Will need to arrange access into Home Outfitters to pass 

cable through electrical RM.

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work 80% dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending 

start date. Consolidation point installation starting this week. Will require access 

to Sportschk & Bose. RYCOM to confirm date.

APR-10-17 - Access to Bose occurring this Wednesday @ 6:30am. Testing and 

sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.16 Yorkdale OPEN 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
5-Apr-17

FEB-22-17 - Installation started 

FEB-28-17 - 100%  roughed In

MAR-27-17 - 75% dropped. Consolidation point installation starting this week for 

area by Harry Rosen.

APR-04-17 - Consolidation point cabling roughed in. terminations to start next 

week.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale OPEN 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

APR-04-17 - Joey sensors have been relocated to under the slab near the entrance 

to avoid running conduit and working on the overhang.  Installation progressing.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale OPEN 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughing started Approx. 40%

FEB-28-17 - No  change

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Tower portion to be started once all lift work is completed.

APR-04-17 - Work to start this week around the tower. 

APR-10-17 - Cabling installed, terminations starting tonight. Testing to start next 

week.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 04,25,2017  10:01 AM

Page 2 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 16

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Forever XXI completed. Pending access to the Bay, Pending access to Sears to repair sensor near pick up door. (Property to advise)

- Yorkdale, reviewed pathways into anchor areas, will start coordinating access into the areas with the property. Testing has started and will continue. 

- Square One, 1st draft of master plan completed and submitted to site, pricing to be submitted, early next week. (Aislelabs pricing firm already)

- Gatineau site installation completed, Sports Experts needs a power supply replacement, RYCOM to schedule time to run temp cable to Costco 

Rooftop.

- Southcentre working on access into tenant areas.

- UCM - Kick-off meeting completed. Will update schedule, Investigation starting April 25th. Site is under redevelopment. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 9th.

3.19 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
1-May-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-27-17 - Roughing started. Consolidation point installation starting this week.

APR-04-17 - RYCOM will start reviewing the Anchor stores next week to 

determine pathways and scope.

APR-19-17 - Review Anchor areas April 20th. 

APR-25-17 - Reviewed Hudson Bay area onsite, RYCOM will provide drawing 

identifying proposed pathway this week to the building. Requested Access to 

Sportschk this week. Reviewed Banana Republic area, will arrange time for install. 

Review Crate & Barrel, further review required.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.20 Yorkdale UPDATE
With Project

Schedule

EXTRA CABLE @ ENTRANCES

With Project

Schedule

FEB-13-17 - The property has requested to have (1) additional cable added to each 

of the tenant entrance locations. This work will be done during the installation of 

the Aislelabs sensors however looked after separately with the property.

APR-25-17 - Shoppers entrance has extra cable nearby. Microsoft entrance 

pathway is full and could not accept any more cable. New conduit back to P1 level 

required. Will route (2) extra cables to Cineplex Entrance.

Yorkdale

RYCOM

4.08 STC UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

21-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 PENDING START - Focusing on upper & lower levels

FEB-24-17 - Walked with OM and spoke with Managers at each anchor tenant 

except for The Bay & Cineplex. OM to coordinate access into site. Likely to start 

March 13th. Assuming (1) week per Anchor. 

MAR-09-17  - Coordinated to start Anchor Installations. Proposed time as follows: 

March 13 to March 17 – Sears, March 20 to March 24 – Walmart

March 27 to March 31 – Forever XXXI,  April 3 to April 7 – HBC. We have a 2nd 

crew and can expedite if access is available.

MAR-24-17 - Cabling installed at Sears & Walmart. Pending approval for Forever 

XXI & Bay

APR-04-17 - Installation pending, reviewing alternative options for Forever XXI 

area.

APR-10-17 - Reviewed Forever XXI areas with property, will install sensors in the 

high ceiling area. No access to Forever XXI is permitted.

APR-19-17 - Forever XXI Sensors installing this week. Pending access to Hudson 

Bay. RYCOM will start project close out and exclude Hudson bay. Property to 

notify once access is granted.

APR-25-17 - Forever XXI installation completed, RYCOM will update drawings and 

send to Aislelabs this week. Once access to Bay is coordinated with the property, 

RYCOM will send techs back to complete Bay installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,25,2017  10:01 AM

Page 3 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 16

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Forever XXI completed. Pending access to the Bay, Pending access to Sears to repair sensor near pick up door. (Property to advise)

- Yorkdale, reviewed pathways into anchor areas, will start coordinating access into the areas with the property. Testing has started and will continue. 

- Square One, 1st draft of master plan completed and submitted to site, pricing to be submitted, early next week. (Aislelabs pricing firm already)

- Gatineau site installation completed, Sports Experts needs a power supply replacement, RYCOM to schedule time to run temp cable to Costco 

Rooftop.

- Southcentre working on access into tenant areas.

- UCM - Kick-off meeting completed. Will update schedule, Investigation starting April 25th. Site is under redevelopment. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 9th.

4.1 STC OPEN 8-Mar-17

A1 counting installation

Robert Horst requested RYCOM to pull in the A1 Counting cabling into the Bay 

while we are pulling in the entrance locations.
TBD

MAR-09-17 - RYCOM will supply CAT6 cabling and install it from the BBN cabinet 

to the locations as shown on the A1 drawing. Cabling to be invoiced separately 

from Aislelabs project. A1 counting to provide RYCOM with Ethernet extenders for 

this space.

 MAR-24-17 - Pending approval to the BAY to start work.

APR-04-17 - Pending access into Hudson bay to complete installation.

STC Management

RYCOM

UPDATE 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

29-Mar-17

Aislelabs procuring sensors. Will ship to RYCOM once they receive them.

JAN-31-17 - STC would like a spare sensor pool onsite approx. (5) extra sensors. To 

be reviewed by Aislelabs.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, (5) extra Sensors will be handed over to 

the property.

FEB-21-17 - Extra sensors have delivered to site, have been placed inside MER 

Core cabinet.

MAR-09-17 - Aislelabs is creating database for site.

MAR-24-17 - Aislelabs reported issues with a couple of sensors. Techs & NOC will 

look into this next week and confirm back with Aislelabs.

APR-04-17 -- NOC checked sensors. We can see all the sensors but one. The sensor 

not working isn't a MAC addresses we have listed on the drawing. will review.

APR-19-17 - Reviewed as listed above. Will repair this week.

APR-25-17 - Repaired sensor locations except for Sears, Coordinating access with 

the property.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM & Aislelabs

5.04 Square one OPEN 23-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

The site would like to get the installations underway.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM will provide a high level schedule of start and end dates if we split the 

resources amongst Yorkdale and Square One. Durations of each site will be longer 

then original scheduled.

FEB-10-17 - Splitting the crews would delay the completion of Yorkdale to approx. 

end of August. Current Baseline is end of May.

FEB-13-17 - RYCOM has committed to see if there are ways to start Square One 

earlier. Potential the crew from STC could go to Square One to start 

FEB-28-17 - Square One will start once STC is completed. Estimated start is mid 

April, will improve timeline if possible.

APR-04-17 - Installation at STC 98 percent complete. Square one will start shortly.

APR-10-17 - Rec'vd approval from Square One team.

APR-19-17 - Square One is looking at bundling multiple project together that have 

to do with the ceilings. Notified Sam regarding the delay in start. Pending direction 

from site.

APR-25-17 - 1st Draft of master drawing completed and submitted to site. Wifi 

and CCTV pricing to be submitted by early next week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,25,2017  10:01 AM

Page 4 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 16

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Forever XXI completed. Pending access to the Bay, Pending access to Sears to repair sensor near pick up door. (Property to advise)

- Yorkdale, reviewed pathways into anchor areas, will start coordinating access into the areas with the property. Testing has started and will continue. 

- Square One, 1st draft of master plan completed and submitted to site, pricing to be submitted, early next week. (Aislelabs pricing firm already)

- Gatineau site installation completed, Sports Experts needs a power supply replacement, RYCOM to schedule time to run temp cable to Costco 

Rooftop.

- Southcentre working on access into tenant areas.

- UCM - Kick-off meeting completed. Will update schedule, Investigation starting April 25th. Site is under redevelopment. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 9th.

6.03 UCM UPDATE 28-Feb-17

Proposed Schedule

Track proposed start dates

TBD

UCM will start once Yorkdale is completed. Estimated start month is June.  

APR-24-17 - RYCOM conducted kickoff meeting with UCM team. The techs will 

spend 1 to 2 weeks starting Apr-25-17 investigating pathways while working after 

hours. Lifts and some small material will arrive on APR-25-17.  RYCOM will provide 

schedule. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.04 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

TBD

PENDING Information National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.05 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level

TBD

PENDING Information National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.06 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location TBD

APR-24-17 - PENDING start date, Installation won't start until common areas are 

completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.07 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

TENANT ACCESS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location

TBD

APR-24-17 - Property expressed Arthurs Landing will be opening May 1st and they 

would like to add sensors into that area. RYCOM spoke with  the restaurant and 

identified the best time for installation is prior to store open and be completed 

after 9PM. Property is coordinating access for this week. NOTE - these sensors 

were not part of the design however we will provide them and take them from 

the sensors proposed to be installation around the expansion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.08 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

FOOD MARKET

The Food Market is currently in development. During the kick-off meeting the 

property expressed they would like to extend Aislelabs into this space. This 

section is to keep track of the design leading up to Implementation.
TBD

APR-24-17 - The development is effecting the planned Aislelabs sensor 

installation. RYCOM and the property agreed we would place these sensors when 

it makes sense with the development program. RYCOM & Aislelabs will provide 

another proposal for AisleLabs sensors into the food market area. Drawings are 

currently being revised and will be provided to the site once completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.09 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the network equipment installation.

TBD

PENDING Start date. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,25,2017  10:01 AM

Page 5 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 16

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Forever XXI completed. Pending access to the Bay, Pending access to Sears to repair sensor near pick up door. (Property to advise)

- Yorkdale, reviewed pathways into anchor areas, will start coordinating access into the areas with the property. Testing has started and will continue. 

- Square One, 1st draft of master plan completed and submitted to site, pricing to be submitted, early next week. (Aislelabs pricing firm already)

- Gatineau site installation completed, Sports Experts needs a power supply replacement, RYCOM to schedule time to run temp cable to Costco 

Rooftop.

- Southcentre working on access into tenant areas.

- UCM - Kick-off meeting completed. Will update schedule, Investigation starting April 25th. Site is under redevelopment. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 9th.

6.1 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

TBD

APR-24-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, The sensors placed at Arthurs Landing 

could start collecting data but the dashboard wouldn't be completed until the 

installation is completed. Once the dashboard is live the property would have 

trending data.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

8.04 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

Access Hatch Installation

RYCOM is reviewing pathways throughout the site to determine how the Aislelabs 

installation will occur.

24-Feb-17

MAR-09-17 - RYCOM has reviewed pathways and in the process of preparing a 

drawing showing potential access hatch locations. Will be having a call on MAR-10-

17 with site to review.

MAR-27-17 - Had an onsite meeting with Gerry. RYCOM proposal didn't include for 

access hatch installation. property didn't' carry budget. Issue to be discussed with 

Sam when he is back from vacation. RYCOM to prepare access hatch drawing. 

Gerry to provide access hatch vendor contact information to continue progression.

APR-04-17 - Pending direction on how to proceed. Waiting for Gerry to provide 

Access hatch contractor contact name.

APR-10-17 - Pending Access Hatch installation, sent drawing to Gerry's access 

hatch vendor. Southcentre to provide Carl with direction what access hatch style 

to use. Access hatches should be 24" X 24".

APR-19-17 - Access hatch vendor reviewing tonight with onsite RYCOM tech.

APR-25-17 - Rec'vd pricing for Access hatches, Southcentre approved.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.05 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

MAR-09-17 - Roughed in all sensors going to Admin office. Cabinet #3. Cabinet #2 

is roughed in. 

MAR-26-17 - Cables pulled to BBN cabinets #3, #4 &  proposed #1, work 

progressing slowly due to access hatch & access issues.

APR-04-17 - Installation progressing, area around Scotiabank roughed in.

APR-10-17 - Cables by Admin office and guest services have been brought to the 

cabinets and pushed through the ports.

APR-19-17 -  Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs 

to determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

APR-25-17 - Working on getting access into tenant suits for tonight.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.06 Southcentre OPEN 9-Mar-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for AisleLabs

TBD

Pending start on the upper level.

MAR-26-17 - Installation of upper level to start this coming week.

APR-10-17 - Cabling installation started on 2nd level where new cabinet is placed. 

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughen completed on the upper level going to the new 

cabinet. Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs to 

determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,25,2017  10:01 AM

Page 6 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 16

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Forever XXI completed. Pending access to the Bay, Pending access to Sears to repair sensor near pick up door. (Property to advise)

- Yorkdale, reviewed pathways into anchor areas, will start coordinating access into the areas with the property. Testing has started and will continue. 

- Square One, 1st draft of master plan completed and submitted to site, pricing to be submitted, early next week. (Aislelabs pricing firm already)

- Gatineau site installation completed, Sports Experts needs a power supply replacement, RYCOM to schedule time to run temp cable to Costco 

Rooftop.

- Southcentre working on access into tenant areas.

- UCM - Kick-off meeting completed. Will update schedule, Investigation starting April 25th. Site is under redevelopment. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 9th.

8.07 Southcentre OPEN 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.09 Southcentre UPDATE 4-Apr-17

BBN CABINET INSTALLATIONS

Item to  track progression of the (2) new BBN Cabinet's to be installed.

(blank)

APR-04-17 - Onsite techs have coordinated with the property the final locations 

for the new BBN Cabinets. Fibre to lower level cabinet installed. Both upper and 

lower level cabinets mounted.

APR-10-17 - Fibre is terminated  on lower level, UPS's are installed along with 

patch panels.

APR-25-17 - Pending fibre installation on Upper level, Need to coordinate access 

into tenant space.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

9.04 Gatineau UPDATE 27-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

31-Mar-17

Pending start for anchor tenants

MAR-24-17 - Anchor installations have been coordinated and started. Costco on 

hold until we receive update from property.

MAR-27-17 - To be completed by March -31-17

APR-04-17 - Sports Experts, Simons & Hudson Bay is completed. Access to Costco 

has not been granted. Reviewing a rooftop style installation onsite this Thursday 

for Costco. Archambault access is arranged.

APR-13-17 - RYCOM reviewed rooftop installation with building's roofing and 

electrical contractors. Pending pricing to provide budget to complete work. Sent 

Aislelabs a make up of the roofing material to see if the Wireless Sensor will work.

APR-19-17 - RYCOM will provide budgetary numbers to site for Costco. (1) sensor 

is not working located in Sports Expert. RYCOM will resolve during Costco 

installation or sooner if Costco doesn't get approved.

APR-25-17 - Moving Costco to Item 9.05, Need to return to site for Sports Expert. 

Power supply is bad and needs to be replaced.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

9.05 Gatineau NEW 24-Apr-17

COSTCO INSTALLATION

Costco would not allow us into their space, RYCOM reviewed another solution to 

place the sensors on the rooftop.
TBD

APR-24-17 - Spoke with General Manager, We will route temporary cabling up to 

the roof and place the sensors inside Plastic boxes to test to see if the signal will 

pass through. Permanent installation to be installed later on. RYCOM will not be 

responsible for roof penetrations. Will coordinate penetration through roof with 

electrical contractor.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,25,2017  10:01 AM

Page 7 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 16

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Forever XXI completed. Pending access to the Bay, Pending access to Sears to repair sensor near pick up door. (Property to advise)

- Yorkdale, reviewed pathways into anchor areas, will start coordinating access into the areas with the property. Testing has started and will continue. 

- Square One, 1st draft of master plan completed and submitted to site, pricing to be submitted, early next week. (Aislelabs pricing firm already)

- Gatineau site installation completed, Sports Experts needs a power supply replacement, RYCOM to schedule time to run temp cable to Costco 

Rooftop.

- Southcentre working on access into tenant areas.

- UCM - Kick-off meeting completed. Will update schedule, Investigation starting April 25th. Site is under redevelopment. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 9th.

10.01 DIX30 UPDATE 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed last week. Approx. 6 

to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to provide 

budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is completed.

FEB-21-17 - Rev'd drawings Aislelabs drawings. Pending BBN design completion 

prior to pricing Aislelabs.

MAR-27-17 - BBN Design 50% completed. Once final is done RYCOM to provide 

budget for Aislelabs.

APR-04-17 - Site is working on revised Aislelabs design. Once design is completed 

it will be sent to RYCOM for budgetary pricing.

APR-19-17 - Pending receiving revised drawings from site and Aislelabs.

APR-25-17 - Pending revised drawings from the site / Aislelabs.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,25,2017  10:01 AM

Page 8 of 8



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CRM Total Hi Tonia,

The best way to access the list of total users in the CRM who are currently
subscribed is using a dynamic user list. Yorkdale had an existing one and I
have created one for Square One. These will automatically update each day.
In each case the list is called Dynamic - Updated (WiFi/Web).

Yorkdale - 631,440
Square One - 175,345

Square One does not include the Food District list. If required I can add
that, though. Just let me know.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.10 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Roof

Document Progress occurring on for the rooftop pathways.

13-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Onsite Coordination occurring to find best possible entry's into 

ceilings.

FEB-06-17 - Reviewing Pathway over Forever XXI. RYCOM to review pathways 

prior to holes being placed in roof. RYCOM will seek approval from Yorkdale.

FEB-10-17 - Reviewed Pathways with Ampere.

FEB-13-17 - Submitted Proposed Pathways to Site. Site modified Drawings and 

approved. Pending start of Roof work due to weather conditions.

FEB-21-17 - Conduits on roof installed, Meeting with Roofing company happening 

on Thursday to review pitch pocket locations. Work to stat as early as this Friday.

RYCOM

AMPERE

SEMPLE GOODER

3.11 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Outside / Tenant Space

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

28-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Reviewed Onsite. Pending Installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.12 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation Started Monday, Techs are reviewing Pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% Roughed In. Need to Review Difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% Terminate, 70% Sensors Placed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.15 Yorkdale OPEN 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:16 PM

Page 1 of 4



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

3.16 Yorkdale OPEN 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

5-Apr-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale OPEN 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale UPDATE 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughin Started Approx. 40%

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.19 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

1-May-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.05 STC UPDATE 16-Jan-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs 2-Feb-17

JAN-23-17 - 60%  Percent of cables are roughed in. Roughing in Lower & Upper 

levels concurrently

JAN-30-17 -  80% of cables are roughed in. Dropping of cables will start this week.

FEB-07-17 - 100% Roughed In, 95% Terminated. Sensor Install on track to complete 

FEB-14-17.

FEB-14-17 - 95% Complete. Waiting on Switch installation All sensors installed.

FEB-21-17 - Will patch sensors Next week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.06 STC UPDATE 16-Jan-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

27-Feb-17

JAN-23-17  - 10 percent of cables are roughed in on the upper level. 

JAN-30-17 - 20 percent of cables are roughed in on the upper level.

FEB-07-17 - No Change. Resources focused on Lower Level.

FEB-14-17 - 40% Roughed in.

FEB-21-17 - Roughen Complete, 5

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:16 PM

Page 2 of 4



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

4.07 STC UPDATE 27-Feb-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on new Networking Equipment

Ordered = Equipment on Order and being configured

Staging = Equipment is programmed @ available

Installed = Equipment is installed onsite and Ready.

1-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - RYCOM PM ordered networking equipment to be configured and 

shipped to Vaughan office. Will attempt to have equipment installed prior to Feb-

27th date.

FEB-07-17 - Network Gear Installing now ahead of schedule. 

FEB-14-17 - 25% Installed.

FEB-

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.08 STC OPEN 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

21-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 PENDING START - Focusing on Upper & Lower Levels

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.09 STC OPEN 21-Mar-17

CINEPLEX  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring for Cineplex Area

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

29-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - PENDING START - Focusing on Upper & Lower Levels

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.1 STC OPEN 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs Sensors

29-Mar-17

Aislelabs procuring sensors. Will ship to RYCOM once they receive them.

JAN-31-17 - STC would like a spare Sensor pool onsite approx. (5) extra sensors. To 

be reviewed by Aislelabs.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM Spoke with Aislelabs, (5) extra Sensors will be handed over to 

the property.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.12 STC OPEN 7-Feb-17

Locality Sensor & Gateway Removal

RYCOM will remove old Locality Sensors and Gateways and provide to Landlord.
TBD

Pending Start.

(blank)

5.02 Square one UPDATE 23-Jan-17

REVISED DRAWINGS

RYCOM has Rev'd the revised drawings for Square One.

10-Feb-17

RYCOM to review drawings against the original quote and revise quote as 

necessary and re-submit by weeks end.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM updated budget and submitted to Marketing. Rogers Unique 

Offer quotation to follow by end of week.

FEB-09-17 - Budget Issue, RYCOM to discuss with Marketing

FEB-23-17 - Submitted Proposal to Site Team

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.03 Square one OPEN 23-Jan-17

BUNDELING

Customer would like to bundle potential Bundle Aislelabs & Wireless Installations 

together.
3-Feb-17

RYCOM project manager responsible for the site is currently working on a design 

package for wireless infrastructure and a Class "D" estimate of potential Wifi cost 

to have it installed.

FEB-03-17 - Proposal Submitted to Property, Pending Direction. 

FEB-10-17 - Phase #1 of Wifi has been awarded. Pending Start. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:16 PM

Page 3 of 4



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

5.04 Square one OPEN 23-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

The site would like to get the installations underway.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM will provide a high level schedule of start and end dates if we split the 

resources amongst Yorkdale and Square One. Durations of each site will be longer 

then original scheduled.

FEB-10-17 - Splitting the crews would delay the completion of Yorkdale to approx. 

end of August. Current Baseline is end of May.

FEB-13-17 - RYCOM has committed to see if there are ways to start Square One 

earlier. Potential we move from STC to Square One rather than one of the smaller 

sites.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.02 UCM OPEN 27-Jan-17

AWARDED CONTRACT - DHA-01409-02

RYCOM has been awarded the contract to start the installation of cabling for 

Aislelabs. TBD

Need to discuss if this site will be started once STC Is Completed.

FEB-07-17 - Updated Scheduled with proposed start date. Marketing to confirm, 

RYCOM can coordinate with site once date is approved.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

8.01 Southcentre UPDATE 27-Jan-17

QUOTATION SUBMITTED

RYCOM submitted quotations to complete the Aislelabs Installation along with the 

extension of the BBN into the proposed (2) common space areas.

30-Jan-17

JAN-30-17 - Submitted the  (3) quotation per the unique offer. The quotation were 

sent to the property for reference only. RYCOM would ask the property to review 

and provide feedback ASAP. We have submitted the quotations to Rogers for 

signature. Once we receive back we will submit to property for execution. 

FEB-07-17 - Pending Approval.

FEB-13-17 - E-mail Approval

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.02 Southcentre Final Outcome 13-Feb-17

APPROVALS

RYCOM Rev'd e-mail notifying Anthony will sign or has signed proposals.

ASAP

In order to execute, RYCOM will need a signed copy of the Rogers Agreements. 

We have scheduled resources based on e-mail will start tomorrow.

FEB-14-17 - Rev'd signed proposal from site.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

9.02 Gatineau UPDATE 13-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

Potential Early Start

PENDING

FEB-13-17 - The site can potential start 1st week of March pending award. RYCOM 

was able to setup another crew using local resources. We will have one of our 

senior techs experienced with the Aislelabs installation. Need confirmation if 

Marketing and the site want to do move forward.

FEB-21-17 - Confirmed Start with Site. Techs will be onsite March 6th to start 

installation

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

10.01 DIX30 UPDATE 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed onsite last week. 

Approx. 6 to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to 

provide budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is 

completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:16 PM

Page 4 of 4



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.10 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Roof

Document Progress occurring on for the rooftop pathways.

13-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Onsite Coordination occurring to find best possible entry's into 

ceilings.

FEB-06-17 - Reviewing Pathway over Forever XXI. RYCOM to review pathways 

prior to holes being placed in roof. RYCOM will seek approval from Yorkdale.

FEB-10-17 - Reviewed Pathways with Ampere.

FEB-13-17 - Submitted Proposed Pathways to Site. Site modified Drawings and 

approved. Pending start of Roof work due to weather conditions.

FEB-21-17 - Conduits on roof installed, Meeting with Roofing company happening 

on Thursday to review pitch pocket locations. Work to stat as early as this Friday.

RYCOM

AMPERE

SEMPLE GOODER

3.11 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Outside / Tenant Space

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

28-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Reviewed Onsite. Pending Installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.12 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation Started Monday, Techs are reviewing Pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% Roughed In. Need to Review Difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% Terminate, 70% Sensors Placed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.15 Yorkdale OPEN 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:09 PM

Page 1 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

3.16 Yorkdale OPEN 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

5-Apr-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale OPEN 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale UPDATE 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughin Started Approx. 40%

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.19 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

1-May-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.05 STC UPDATE 16-Jan-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs 2-Feb-17

JAN-23-17 - 60%  Percent of cables are roughed in. Roughing in Lower & Upper 

levels concurrently

JAN-30-17 -  80% of cables are roughed in. Dropping of cables will start this week.

FEB-07-17 - 100% Roughed In, 95% Terminated. Sensor Install on track to complete 

FEB-14-17.

FEB-14-17 - 95% Complete. Waiting on Switch installation All sensors installed.

FEB-21-17 - Will patch sensors Next week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.06 STC UPDATE 16-Jan-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

27-Feb-17

JAN-23-17  - 10 percent of cables are roughed in on the upper level. 

JAN-30-17 - 20 percent of cables are roughed in on the upper level.

FEB-07-17 - No Change. Resources focused on Lower Level.

FEB-14-17 - 40% Roughed in.

FEB-21-17 - Roughen Complete, 5

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:09 PM

Page 2 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

4.07 STC UPDATE 27-Feb-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on new Networking Equipment

Ordered = Equipment on Order and being configured

Staging = Equipment is programmed @ available

Installed = Equipment is installed onsite and Ready.
1-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - RYCOM PM ordered networking equipment to be configured and 

shipped to Vaughan office. Will attempt to have equipment installed prior to Feb-

27th date.

FEB-07-17 - Network Gear Installing now ahead of schedule. 

FEB-14-17 - 25% Installed.

FEB-

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.08 STC OPEN 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

21-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 PENDING START - Focusing on Upper & Lower Levels

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.09 STC OPEN 21-Mar-17

CINEPLEX  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring for Cineplex Area

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

29-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - PENDING START - Focusing on Upper & Lower Levels

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.1 STC OPEN 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs Sensors

29-Mar-17

Aislelabs procuring sensors. Will ship to RYCOM once they receive them.

JAN-31-17 - STC would like a spare Sensor pool onsite approx. (5) extra sensors. To 

be reviewed by Aislelabs.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM Spoke with Aislelabs, (5) extra Sensors will be handed over to 

the property.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.12 STC OPEN 7-Feb-17

Locality Sensor & Gateway Removal

RYCOM will remove old Locality Sensors and Gateways and provide to Landlord.
TBD

Pending Start.

(blank)

5.02 Square one UPDATE 23-Jan-17

REVISED DRAWINGS

RYCOM has Rev'd the revised drawings for Square One.

10-Feb-17

RYCOM to review drawings against the original quote and revise quote as 

necessary and re-submit by weeks end.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM updated budget and submitted to Marketing. Rogers Unique 

Offer quotation to follow by end of week.

FEB-09-17 - Budget Issue, RYCOM to discuss with Marketing

FEB-23-17 - Submitted Proposal to Site Team

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.03 Square one OPEN 23-Jan-17

BUNDELING

Customer would like to bundle potential Bundle Aislelabs & Wireless Installations 

together.
3-Feb-17

RYCOM project manager responsible for the site is currently working on a design 

package for wireless infrastructure and a Class "D" estimate of potential Wifi cost 

to have it installed.

FEB-03-17 - Proposal Submitted to Property, Pending Direction. 

FEB-10-17 - Phase #1 of Wifi has been awarded. Pending Start. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:09 PM

Page 3 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

5.04 Square one OPEN 23-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

The site would like to get the installations underway.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM will provide a high level schedule of start and end dates if we split the 

resources amongst Yorkdale and Square One. Durations of each site will be longer 

then original scheduled.

FEB-10-17 - Splitting the crews would delay the completion of Yorkdale to approx. 

end of August. Current Baseline is end of May.

FEB-13-17 - RYCOM has committed to see if there are ways to start Square One 

earlier. Potential we move from STC to Square One rather than one of the smaller 

sites.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.02 UCM OPEN 27-Jan-17

AWARDED CONTRACT - DHA-01409-02

RYCOM has been awarded the contract to start the installation of cabling for 

Aislelabs. TBD

Need to discuss if this site will be started once STC Is Completed.

FEB-07-17 - Updated Scheduled with proposed start date. Marketing to confirm, 

RYCOM can coordinate with site once date is approved.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

8.01 Southcentre UPDATE 27-Jan-17

QUOTATION SUBMITTED

RYCOM submitted quotations to complete the Aislelabs Installation along with the 

extension of the BBN into the proposed (2) common space areas.

30-Jan-17

JAN-30-17 - Submitted the  (3) quotation per the unique offer. The quotation were 

sent to the property for reference only. RYCOM would ask the property to review 

and provide feedback ASAP. We have submitted the quotations to Rogers for 

signature. Once we receive back we will submit to property for execution. 

FEB-07-17 - Pending Approval.

FEB-13-17 - E-mail Approval

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.02 Southcentre Final Outcome 13-Feb-17

APPROVALS

RYCOM Rev'd e-mail notifying Anthony will sign or has signed proposals.

ASAP

In order to execute, RYCOM will need a signed copy of the Rogers Agreements. 

We have scheduled resources based on e-mail will start tomorrow.

FEB-14-17 - Rev'd signed proposal from site.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

9.01 Gatineau Final Outcome 13-Jan-17

QUOTATION SUBMITTED

RYCOM submitted quotation to complete the Aislelabs Installation in the 

property.

PENDING

JAN-13-17 - Property advised they only need (1) new switch as their existing 

switches are programmed with ports but not being used. (Currently RYCOM does 

not have visibility into the network to confirm but we are taking direction from 

site.)

JAN-27-17 - 
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:09 PM

Page 4 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 9

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level Roughed In Upper Level Dropping completed weeks end, Switches Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits 70% Installed, Moving to Zone #5 Next.

- Square One, submited proposals, pending direction from site.

- Gatineau to start March 6th confirmed with Site.

- Southcentre techs are reviewing pathways, work to likely start next week.

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

9.02 Gatineau UPDATE 13-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

Potential Early Start

PENDING

FEB-13-17 - The site can potential start 1st week of March pending award. RYCOM 

was able to setup another crew using local resources. We will have one of our 

senior techs experienced with the Aislelabs installation. Need confirmation if 

Marketing and the site want to do move forward.

FEB-21-17 - Confirmed Start with Site. Techs will be onsite March 6th to start 

installation

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

10.01 DIX30 UPDATE 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed onsite last week. 

Approx. 6 to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to 

provide budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is 

completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,21,2017  11:09 PM

Page 5 of 5



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Square One Connect Logins Hi Jason,

Hope you are doing well.

We've noticed that we are not seeing any Connect user data being collected
on our end for the last few days at Square One. Would you be aware of any
issue on your end on what may be causing this?

Please let me know.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 15

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.11 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Outside / Tenant Space

Document progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

28-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Reviewed Onsite. Pending installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.12 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation started Monday, techs are reviewing pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% roughed In. Need to review difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% terminate, 70% sensors placed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs
9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Rough in Started around Shoppers. Need to review sensors located 

near Bay. May need to place on Bay store front.

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending start 

date. Milestones under construction will coordinate install with property.

APR-04-17 - Everything roughed in and terminated except for outside locations. 

Need to coordinate access into new tenant area where milestones used to be.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Forever XXI sensors will be completed by weeks end. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale, majority of common areas roughed in. Will start looking at pathways into Anchor tenants. Testing continue into next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Bundling multiple projects, Pending start date. 

- Gatineau site installation completed, Will provide budget for installation into Costco. Sports Experts sensor needs to be replaced.  

- Southcentre Boom lift work completed, Pending access hatch pricing, Roughed in all cabling to 2nd floor new BBN cabinet location.

- UCM - Pending start date. Moving UCM start date to late April, Will start coordinating with site shortly. 

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

 Print Issue Date: 04,19,2017  10:55 PM

Page 1 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 15

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Forever XXI sensors will be completed by weeks end. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale, majority of common areas roughed in. Will start looking at pathways into Anchor tenants. Testing continue into next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Bundling multiple projects, Pending start date. 

- Gatineau site installation completed, Will provide budget for installation into Costco. Sports Experts sensor needs to be replaced.  

- Southcentre Boom lift work completed, Pending access hatch pricing, Roughed in all cabling to 2nd floor new BBN cabinet location.

- UCM - Pending start date. Moving UCM start date to late April, Will start coordinating with site shortly. 

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

3.15 Yorkdale UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Conduit routed through Indigo ready for RYCOM. Pending Installation 

of rooftop conduits. Will need to arrange access into Home Outfitters to pass 

cable through electrical RM.

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work 80% dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending 

start date. Consolidation point installation starting this week. Will require access 

to Sportschk & Bose. RYCOM to confirm date.

APR-10-17 - Access to Bose occurring this Wednesday @ 6:30am. Testing and 

sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.16 Yorkdale UPDATE 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
5-Apr-17

FEB-22-17 - Installation started 

FEB-28-17 - 100%  roughed In

MAR-27-17 - 75% dropped. Consolidation point installation starting this week for 

area by Harry Rosen.

APR-04-17 - Consolidation point cabling roughed in. terminations to start next 

week.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale UPDATE 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs 19-Apr-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

APR-04-17 - Joey sensors have been relocated to under the slab near the entrance 

to avoid running conduit and working on the overhang.  Installation progressing.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale UPDATE 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs 27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughing started Approx. 40%

FEB-28-17 - No  change

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Tower portion to be started once all lift work is completed.

APR-04-17 - Work to start this week around the tower. 

APR-10-17 - Cabling installed, terminations starting tonight. Testing to start next 

week.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 04,19,2017  10:55 PM

Page 2 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 15

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Forever XXI sensors will be completed by weeks end. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale, majority of common areas roughed in. Will start looking at pathways into Anchor tenants. Testing continue into next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Bundling multiple projects, Pending start date. 

- Gatineau site installation completed, Will provide budget for installation into Costco. Sports Experts sensor needs to be replaced.  

- Southcentre Boom lift work completed, Pending access hatch pricing, Roughed in all cabling to 2nd floor new BBN cabinet location.

- UCM - Pending start date. Moving UCM start date to late April, Will start coordinating with site shortly. 

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

3.19 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

1-May-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-27-17 - Roughing started. Consolidation point installation starting this week.

APR-04-17 - RYCOM will start reviewing the Anchor stores next week to 

determine pathways and scope.

APR-19-17 - Review Anchor areas April 20th. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.08 STC UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

21-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 PENDING START - Focusing on upper & lower levels

FEB-24-17 - Walked with OM and spoke with Managers at each anchor tenant 

except for The Bay & Cineplex. OM to coordinate access into site. Likely to start 

March 13th. Assuming (1) week per Anchor. 

MAR-09-17  - Coordinated to start Anchor Installations. Proposed time as follows: 

March 13 to March 17 – Sears, March 20 to March 24 – Walmart

March 27 to March 31 – Forever XXXI,  April 3 to April 7 – HBC. We have a 2nd 

crew and can expedite if access is available.

MAR-24-17 - Cabling installed at Sears & Walmart. Pending approval for Forever 

XXI & Bay

APR-04-17 - Installation pending, reviewing alternative options for Forever XXI 

area.

APR-10-17 - Reviewed Forever XXI areas with property, will install sensors in the 

high ceiling area. No access to Forever XXI is permitted.

APR-19-17 - Forever XXI Sensors installing this week. Pending access to Hudson 

Bay. RYCOM will start project close out and exclude Hudson bay. Property to 

notify once access is granted.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.1 STC OPEN 8-Mar-17

A1 counting installation

Robert Horst requested RYCOM to pull in the A1 Counting cabling into the Bay 

while we are pulling in the entrance locations.

TBD

MAR-09-17 - RYCOM will supply CAT6 cabling and install it from the BBN cabinet 

to the locations as shown on the A1 drawing. Cabling to be invoiced separately 

from Aislelabs project. A1 counting to provide RYCOM with Ethernet extenders for 

this space.

 MAR-24-17 - Pending approval to the BAY to start work.

APR-04-17 - Pending access into Hudson bay to complete installation.

STC Management

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,19,2017  10:55 PM

Page 3 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 15

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Forever XXI sensors will be completed by weeks end. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale, majority of common areas roughed in. Will start looking at pathways into Anchor tenants. Testing continue into next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Bundling multiple projects, Pending start date. 

- Gatineau site installation completed, Will provide budget for installation into Costco. Sports Experts sensor needs to be replaced.  

- Southcentre Boom lift work completed, Pending access hatch pricing, Roughed in all cabling to 2nd floor new BBN cabinet location.

- UCM - Pending start date. Moving UCM start date to late April, Will start coordinating with site shortly. 

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

UPDATE 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

29-Mar-17

Aislelabs procuring sensors. Will ship to RYCOM once they receive them.

JAN-31-17 - STC would like a spare sensor pool onsite approx. (5) extra sensors. To 

be reviewed by Aislelabs.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, (5) extra Sensors will be handed over to 

the property.

FEB-21-17 - Extra sensors have delivered to site, have been placed inside MER 

Core cabinet.

MAR-09-17 - Aislelabs is creating database for site.

MAR-24-17 - Aislelabs reported issues with a couple of sensors. Techs & NOC will 

look into this next week and confirm back with Aislelabs.

APR-04-17 -- NOC checked sensors. We can see all the sensors but one. The sensor 

not working isn't a MAC addresses we have listed on the drawing. will review.

APR-19-17 - Reviewed as listed above. Will repair this week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM & Aislelabs

5.04 Square one UPDATE 23-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

The site would like to get the installations underway.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM will provide a high level schedule of start and end dates if we split the 

resources amongst Yorkdale and Square One. Durations of each site will be longer 

then original scheduled.

FEB-10-17 - Splitting the crews would delay the completion of Yorkdale to approx. 

end of August. Current Baseline is end of May.

FEB-13-17 - RYCOM has committed to see if there are ways to start Square One 

earlier. Potential the crew from STC could go to Square One to start 

FEB-28-17 - Square One will start once STC is completed. Estimated start is mid 

April, will improve timeline if possible.

APR-04-17 - Installation at STC 98 percent complete. Square one will start shortly.

APR-10-17 - Rec'vd approval from Square One team.

APR-19-17 - Square One is looking at bundling multiple project together that have 

to do with the ceilings. Notified Sam regarding the delay in start. Pending direction 

from site.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.03 UCM OPEN 28-Feb-17

Proposed Schedule

Track proposed start dates

TBD

UCM will start once Yorkdale is completed. Estimated start month is June. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,19,2017  10:55 PM

Page 4 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 15

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Forever XXI sensors will be completed by weeks end. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale, majority of common areas roughed in. Will start looking at pathways into Anchor tenants. Testing continue into next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Bundling multiple projects, Pending start date. 

- Gatineau site installation completed, Will provide budget for installation into Costco. Sports Experts sensor needs to be replaced.  

- Southcentre Boom lift work completed, Pending access hatch pricing, Roughed in all cabling to 2nd floor new BBN cabinet location.

- UCM - Pending start date. Moving UCM start date to late April, Will start coordinating with site shortly. 

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

8.04 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

Access Hatch Installation

RYCOM is reviewing pathways throughout the site to determine how the Aislelabs 

installation will occur.

24-Feb-17

MAR-09-17 - RYCOM has reviewed pathways and in the process of preparing a 

drawing showing potential access hatch locations. Will be having a call on MAR-10-

17 with site to review.

MAR-27-17 - Had an onsite meeting with Gerry. RYCOM proposal didn't include for 

access hatch installation. property didn't' carry budget. Issue to be discussed with 

Sam when he is back from vacation. RYCOM to prepare access hatch drawing. 

Gerry to provide access hatch vendor contact information to continue progression.

APR-04-17 - Pending direction on how to proceed. Waiting for Gerry to provide 

Access hatch contractor contact name.

APR-10-17 - Pending Access Hatch installation, sent drawing to Gerry's access 

hatch vendor. Southcentre to provide Carl with direction what access hatch style 

to use. Access hatches should be 24" X 24".

APR-19-17 - Access hatch vendor reviewing tonight with onsite RYCOM tech.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.05 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
TBD

MAR-09-17 - Roughed in all sensors going to Admin office. Cabinet #3. Cabinet #2 

is roughed in. 

MAR-26-17 - Cables pulled to BBN cabinets #3, #4 &  proposed #1, work 

progressing slowly due to access hatch & access issues.

APR-04-17 - Installation progressing, area around Scotiabank roughed in.

APR-10-17 - Cables by Admin office and guest services have been brought to the 

cabinets and pushed through the ports.

APR-19-17 -  Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs 

to determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.06 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for AisleLabs
TBD

Pending start on the upper level.

MAR-26-17 - Installation of upper level to start this coming week.

APR-10-17 - Cabling installation started on 2nd level where new cabinet is placed. 

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughen completed on the upper level going to the new 

cabinet. Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs to 

determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.07 Southcentre OPEN 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,19,2017  10:55 PM

Page 5 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 15

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Forever XXI sensors will be completed by weeks end. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale, majority of common areas roughed in. Will start looking at pathways into Anchor tenants. Testing continue into next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Bundling multiple projects, Pending start date. 

- Gatineau site installation completed, Will provide budget for installation into Costco. Sports Experts sensor needs to be replaced.  

- Southcentre Boom lift work completed, Pending access hatch pricing, Roughed in all cabling to 2nd floor new BBN cabinet location.

- UCM - Pending start date. Moving UCM start date to late April, Will start coordinating with site shortly. 

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

8.09 Southcentre UPDATE 4-Apr-17

BBN CABINET INSTALLATIONS

Item to  track progression of the (2) new BBN Cabinet's to be installed.

(blank)

APR-04-17 - Onsite techs have coordinated with the property the final locations 

for the new BBN Cabinets. Fibre to lower level cabinet installed. Both upper and 

lower level cabinets mounted.

APR-10-17 - Fibre is terminated  on lower level, UPS's are installed along with 

patch panels.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

9.04 Gatineau UPDATE 27-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

31-Mar-17

Pending start for anchor tenants

MAR-24-17 - Anchor installations have been coordinated and started. Costco on 

hold until we receive update from property.

MAR-27-17 - To be completed by March -31-17

APR-04-17 - Sports Experts, Simons & Hudson Bay is completed. Access to Costco 

has not been granted. Reviewing a rooftop style installation onsite this Thursday 

for Costco. Archambault access is arranged.

APR-13-17 - RYCOM reviewed rooftop installation with building's roofing and 

electrical contractors. Pending pricing to provide budget to complete work. Sent 

Aislelabs a make up of the roofing material to see if the Wireless Sensor will work.

APR-19-17 - RYCOM will provide budgetary numbers to site for Costco. (1) sensor 

is not working located in Sports Expert. RYCOM will resolve during Costco 

installation or sooner if Costco doesn't get approved.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

10.01 DIX30 UPDATE 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed last week. Approx. 6 

to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to provide 

budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is completed.

FEB-21-17 - Rev'd drawings Aislelabs drawings. Pending BBN design completion 

prior to pricing Aislelabs.

MAR-27-17 - BBN Design 50% completed. Once final is done RYCOM to provide 

budget for Aislelabs.

APR-04-17 - Site is working on revised Aislelabs design. Once design is completed 

it will be sent to RYCOM for budgetary pricing.

APR-19-17 - Pending receiving revised drawings from site and Aislelabs.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,19,2017  10:55 PM

Page 6 of 6



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FW: Square One Shopping Centre Wifi Hi Douglas and Martinez:

Wondering if you're able to assist with the Wi-Fi issues below (highlighted in yellow), as mentioned by our guests through our Guest Experience team.

Thank-you!



Roseanne Dela Rosa, Digital Marketing Specialist
Oxford Properties Group

SQUAREONE Shopping Centre
100 City Centre Drive, Mississauga, Ontario L5B 2C9
Phone: 905 361-5055
rdelarosa@oxfordproperties.com<mailto:rdelarosa@oxfordproperties.com>
shopSQUAREONE.com
________________________________
From: Raeanne Ly
Sent: Friday, September 07, 2018 9:28 AM
To: Julian Ojeda; Roseanne Dela Rosa; Jason Nazareth
Cc: Trishanna Malcolm; Lisa Brenya-Bonsu; Madeena Mino; Josh Lachica; Harryny Le
Subject: RE: Square One Shopping Centre Wifi

Thanks Julian!

Rosie – please see below in yellow for items that may be related to gtbcorp labs.

Jason – please see below in green, as Wi-Fi  throughout the shopping centre is an issue for guests.

Raeanne

Raeanne Ly, Guest Experience Manager
Oxford Properties Group

SQUAREONE Shopping Centre
100 City Centre Drive, Mississauga, Ontario L5B 2C9
Phone: 905 272-6277
Email: RLy@oxfordproperties.com<mailto:RLy@oxfordproperties.com>
shopSQUAREONE.com

[SQ1-Signature]

From: Julian Ojeda
Sent: Thursday, September 06, 2018 4:24 PM
To: Raeanne Ly
Cc: Trishanna Malcolm; Lisa Brenya-Bonsu; Madeena Mino; Josh Lachica; Harryny Le
Subject: Square One Shopping Centre Wifi

Hey Raeanne,

Guests signing into the mall Wi-Fi have experienced issues. Here is a list of them.

-          When connecting, the Wi-Fi mentions it is not a safe Wi-Fi to use but gives them the option to still connect

-          There is a glitch where after filjaime in the appropriate information, the browser will say it did not connect but it did

-          Once you press on “Square One Shopping Centre”, the browser does not open where you are suppose to fill in your information

-          The Wi-Fi works better in some areas of the mall, doesn’t connect in some areas as well (not aware of which areas)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Social WiFi Outage Hi all,

I'm sure you are all aware at this point that there is an issue with the
guest WiFi at Square One. Just wanted to let you know that SingleDigits are
troubleshooting the issue and hope to have a resolution soon.

If you have any questions in the meantime, feel free to give me a call.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 22

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.12 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation started Monday, techs are reviewing pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% roughed In. Need to review difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% terminate, 70% sensors placed.

MAY-16-17 - Testing started and sensors placed. Pending switches and 

turn-up

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing completed. Pending completion of 

Switch Roulette to turn up sensors.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch completed, PH#2 completed by Wednesday, submitted working drawings to Aislelabs, Troubleshooting

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 15%

- Southcentre, additional switches installed and operating. Access issues into RH & Eddie Bauer. Access to Craft & C&B later this week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed, updating drawings. Access issues with Sears & Hudson Bay

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

 Print Issue Date: 6/26/2017  11:54 PM

Page 1 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 22

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch completed, PH#2 completed by Wednesday, submitted working drawings to Aislelabs, Troubleshooting

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 15%

- Southcentre, additional switches installed and operating. Access issues into RH & Eddie Bauer. Access to Craft & C&B later this week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed, updating drawings. Access issues with Sears & Hudson Bay

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

3.14 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Rough in Started around Shoppers. Need to review sensors located 

near Bay. May need to place on Bay store front.

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending start 

date. Milestones under construction will coordinate install with property.

APR-04-17 - Everything roughed in and terminated except for outside locations. 

Need to coordinate access into new tenant area where milestones used to be.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

APR-25-17 - Testing Started inside Zone.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.15 Yorkdale UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Conduit routed through Indigo ready for RYCOM. Pending Installation 

of rooftop conduits. Will need to arrange access into Home Outfitters to pass 

cable through electrical RM.

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work 80% dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending 

start date. Consolidation point installation starting this week. Will require access 

to Sportschk & Bose. RYCOM to confirm date.

APR-10-17 - Access to Bose occurring this Wednesday @ 6:30am. Testing and 

sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in common areas. Testing starting next week.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 6/26/2017  11:54 PM

Page 2 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 22

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch completed, PH#2 completed by Wednesday, submitted working drawings to Aislelabs, Troubleshooting

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 15%

- Southcentre, additional switches installed and operating. Access issues into RH & Eddie Bauer. Access to Craft & C&B later this week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed, updating drawings. Access issues with Sears & Hudson Bay

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

3.16 Yorkdale UPDATE 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

5-Apr-17

FEB-22-17 - Installation started 

FEB-28-17 - 100%  roughed In

MAR-27-17 - 75% dropped. Consolidation point installation starting this week for 

area by Harry Rosen.

APR-04-17 - Consolidation point cabling roughed in. terminations to start next 

week.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale UPDATE 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

APR-04-17 - Joey sensors have been relocated to under the slab near the entrance 

to avoid running conduit and working on the overhang.  Installation progressing.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 6/26/2017  11:54 PM

Page 3 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 22

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch completed, PH#2 completed by Wednesday, submitted working drawings to Aislelabs, Troubleshooting

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 15%

- Southcentre, additional switches installed and operating. Access issues into RH & Eddie Bauer. Access to Craft & C&B later this week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed, updating drawings. Access issues with Sears & Hudson Bay

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

3.18 Yorkdale UPDATE 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughing started Approx. 40%

FEB-28-17 - No  change

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Tower portion to be started once all lift work is completed.

APR-04-17 - Work to start this week around the tower. 

APR-10-17 - Cabling installed, terminations starting tonight. Testing to start next 

week.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.23 Yorkdale UPDATE 4-Apr-17

Network Switch Roulette

Yorkdale has different models of switches onsite. To gain the most out of the 

infrastructure RYCOM will be moving existing infrastructure around to stack liked 

equipment together.

TBD

MAY-02-17 - RYCOM presented Yorkdale with overall Switch Roulette Solution.

MAY-03-17 - Yorkdale Approved Roulette Solution RYCOM is prepare 

programming of network switches. Will advise cutover dates. (No additional cost 

incurred to site for this work.)

MAY-23-17 - New equipment has arrived, will be scheduling phase #1 of the 

installation with the property for the week of May 29th. 

MAY-31-17 - 4 of 12 switches in Phase #1 completed last night. Will progress until 

phase #1 is completed.

JUN-06-17 - PH#1 90 percent completed, Will start re-purposing existing switches 

and deploying for next week.

JUN-20-17 - Regular hour work is completed, after hour work to start this week. 

Some sensor locations have been turned up.

JUN-26-17 - Phase I switches to be completed by Jun 27th. Phase II switches to be 

completed by June 28th.

Yorkdale

RYCOM

5.07 Square one UPDATE 5-Jun-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

19-Jul-17

JUN-20-17 - Installation has started. Cabling 5% roughed in.

JUN-26-17 - No Change

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/26/2017  11:54 PM

Page 4 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 22

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch completed, PH#2 completed by Wednesday, submitted working drawings to Aislelabs, Troubleshooting

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 15%

- Southcentre, additional switches installed and operating. Access issues into RH & Eddie Bauer. Access to Craft & C&B later this week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed, updating drawings. Access issues with Sears & Hudson Bay

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

5.08 Square one UPDATE 19-Jul-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level.

6-Sep-17

JUN-20-17 - Installation has started. Cabling 5% roughed in.

JUNE-26-17 - Cabling roughed in to 15%

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.09 Square one OPEN 19-Jul-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location 6-Sep-17

PENDING START National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.04 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

TBD

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. 

MAY-23-17 - All cabling roughed in, terminations have started.

MAY-31-17 - Majority of cabling terminated testing will still next week. Some 

areas still need to pulled in. Working with UCM to gain access into tenant space.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of cabling installed, testing and sensor placement started.

JUN-20-17 - Testing & sensor placement 75% completed

JUN-26-17 - Common areas completed, waiting for switch installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.05 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level

TBD

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. Waiting for pathway materials to 

arrive in order to schedule access into Pearle Vision & Bose Stores. 

MAY-23-17 - All cabling roughed in, terminations have started.

MAY-31-17 - Majority of cabling terminated testing will still next week. Some 

areas still need to pulled in. Working with UCM to gain access into tenant space.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of cabling installed, testing and sensor placement started.

JUN-20-17 - Testing & sensor placement 75% completed

JUN-26-17 - Common areas completed, waiting for switch installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/26/2017  11:54 PM

Page 5 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 22

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch completed, PH#2 completed by Wednesday, submitted working drawings to Aislelabs, Troubleshooting

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 15%

- Southcentre, additional switches installed and operating. Access issues into RH & Eddie Bauer. Access to Craft & C&B later this week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed, updating drawings. Access issues with Sears & Hudson Bay

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

6.06 UCM UPDATE 6-Jun-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location

1-Jul-17

APR-24-17 - PENDING start date, Installation won't start until common areas are 

completed.

JUN-06-17 - Submitted proposed schedule to property to gain access into anchor 

tenant spaces. Proposed start is next week if approved.

JUN-20-17 - Sports Chek & Toys-R-Us completed. Starting installation into Sears 

this week, followed with Hudson Bay the following week.

JUN-26-17 - Sears & Hudson Bay on hold until property can gain access. Property 

to advise when access is granted. Other anchor locations completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.08 UCM Final Outcome 25-Apr-17

FOOD MARKET

The Food Market is currently in development. During the kick-off meeting the 

property expressed they would like to extend Aislelabs into this space. This 

section is to keep track of the design leading up to Implementation.

TBD

APR-24-17 - The development is effecting the planned Aislelabs sensor 

installation. RYCOM and the property agreed we would place these sensors when 

it makes sense with the development program. RYCOM & Aislelabs will provide 

another proposal for Aislelabs sensors into the food market area. Drawings are 

currently being revised and will be provided to the site once completed.

JUN-26-17 - RYCOM provided budgetary numbers for the Food Market area to 

UCM. Pending direction & approval.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.09 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the network equipment installation.

TBD

PENDING Start date.

JUN-06-17 - RYCOM has prepared a plan, having our network team review and will 

submit to site this week.

JUN-20-17 - Networking team will have switches programmed by mid next week. 

Will schedule the switch installation for the following week.

JUN-26-17 - Anticipating switches in RYCOM Vaughan office this week. Installation 

to occur later this week or early next week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.1 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

TBD

APR-24-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, The sensors placed at Arthurs Landing 

could start collecting data but the dashboard wouldn't be completed until the 

installation is completed. Once the dashboard is live the property would have 

trending data.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/26/2017  11:54 PM

Page 6 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 22

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch completed, PH#2 completed by Wednesday, submitted working drawings to Aislelabs, Troubleshooting

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 15%

- Southcentre, additional switches installed and operating. Access issues into RH & Eddie Bauer. Access to Craft & C&B later this week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed, updating drawings. Access issues with Sears & Hudson Bay

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

8.05 Southcentre On-Going 9-Mar-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

MAR-09-17 - Roughed in all sensors going to Admin office. Cabinet #3. Cabinet #2 

is roughed in. 

MAR-26-17 - Cables pulled to BBN cabinets #3, #4 &  proposed #1, work 

progressing slowly due to access hatch & access issues.

APR-04-17 - Installation progressing, area around Scotiabank roughed in.

APR-10-17 - Cables by Admin office and guest services have been brought to the 

cabinets and pushed through the ports.

APR-19-17 -  Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs 

to determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

APR-25-17 - Working on getting access into tenant suits for tonight.

MAY-16-17 - Common areas are roughed in, Approx. (10) locations have been 

tested and sensors placed.

MAY-23-17 - Continuing sensor placement and testing. Planned to have common 

areas completed by end of May.

JUN-06-17 - Need to review open hallway area, but majority of common area 

completed, waiting for installation of switches.

JUN-20-17 - Common area sensors and cabling placed. Waiting for switch 

installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.06 Southcentre On-Going 9-Mar-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

Pending start on the upper level.

MAR-26-17 - Installation of upper level to start this coming week.

APR-10-17 - Cabling installation started on 2nd level where new cabinet is placed. 

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughen completed on the upper level going to the new 

cabinet. Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs to 

determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

MAY-16-17 - Common areas are roughed in, Approx. (40) locations have been 

tested and sensors placed.

MAY-23-17 - Continuing sensor placement and testing. Planned to have common 

areas completed by end of May.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of common area completed, waiting for installation of 

switches.

JUN-20-17 - Common area sensors and cabling placed. Waiting for switch 

installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/26/2017  11:54 PM

Page 7 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 22

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch completed, PH#2 completed by Wednesday, submitted working drawings to Aislelabs, Troubleshooting

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 15%

- Southcentre, additional switches installed and operating. Access issues into RH & Eddie Bauer. Access to Craft & C&B later this week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed, updating drawings. Access issues with Sears & Hudson Bay

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

8.07 Southcentre UPDATE 6-Jun-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

30-Jun-17

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

MAY-23-17 - Working on creating Anchor schedule.

MAY-31-17 - Will have schedule to the property by end of week. 1st start date is 

approx. 1 week out from date submitted. 

June-06-17 - Have provided Southcentre with a schedule of when we would like to 

access the tenant areas. Will start this week with Shoppers & Sporting life.

JUN-20-17 - Installations completed within Shoppers, Chili's Texas Grill, 

SportsChek, Victoria Secret & Hudson Bay. Access into Crate in Barrel was not 

coordinated with the tenant for Monday access. will try again tonight. 

JUN-26-17 - Pending access into Restoration Hardware, site to coordinate access 

and advice RYCOM. Crate & Barrel & Craft moved to Wednesday Thursday of this 

week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.09 Southcentre Final Outcome 4-Apr-17

BBN CABINET INSTALLATIONS

Item to  track progression of the (2) new BBN Cabinet's to be installed.

(blank)

APR-04-17 - Onsite techs have coordinated with the property the final locations 

for the new BBN Cabinets. Fibre to lower level cabinet installed. Both upper and 

lower level cabinets mounted.

APR-10-17 - Fibre is terminated  on lower level, UPS's are installed along with 

patch panels.

APR-25-17 - Pending fibre installation on Upper level, Need to coordinate access 

into tenant space.

MAY-16-17 - BBN Cabinet installation completed. Pending installation of network 

Switches.

JUN-26-17 - Network switches installed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.1 Southcentre UPDATE 23-May-17

NETWORK SWITCHES

The existing network switches onsite are Cisco 3560 and are currently managed by 

End-to-End. The switches provided under the Aislelabs project are Cisco 2960XR. 

(Oxford preferred BBN standard switches.) We will need to work with the site and 

End-to-end to determine deployment of these switches into the existing 

environment. (10) switches to be deployment throughout. 

TBD

MAY-19-17- Reached out to End-To-End to follow up on our call from March-2016 

time frame. Explained high level scope of what needs to happen onsite. Having a 

more in depth call on May 24 with the network engineers. Gerry from the site has 

been invited.

MAY-31-17 - Had meeting with End to End, They provided to RYCOM how they will 

link the existing switches to the new yesterday. We will provide to them a 

schedule where new equipment will be placed by end of week.

JUN-06-17 - Provided End-To-End with information they require. Waiting to 

receive information back to program switches and deploy onsite.

JUN-20-17 - RYCOM provided switches are in our Calgary office as of Monday, Will 

start switch installation this week. End to End replacing core switch this coming 

Wednesday.

JUN-26-17 - All new network switches placed, Verbal confirmation from End-To-

End they can see the switches. RYCOM is validating ports and will provide port 

turn-up list to End-to-End and Aislelabs.

Southcentre

End-To-End

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/26/2017  11:54 PM

Page 8 of 8



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WiFi Status: Yorkdale / UCM Hi all,

As of now, the WiFi should be operating normally at both the malls. Our
engineers confirmed this by being on-site at Yorkdale this afternoon. UCM
we believe had no issues, but we have not verified this on-site.

Over part of the weekend and earlier this morning, the Social WiFi login
was operating normally, but after login, the Single Digits access was
faijaime at the Yorkdale mall. We will wait for a root cause analysis from
Martinez O'Brien and team to provide details what caused and fixed the issue.

Kaitlyn / Martinez please also let us know if there is a monitoring alert
that can be configured on your end to notify of a similar situation in
future. While we will keep monitoring it manually, let us know if an alert
can be configured in your dashboard which triggers when only a few users
are able to access the network.

Meredith, let us know if we can provide additional details. We can have our
technicans visit UCM to test this evening or tomorrow morning if needed.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 23

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.12 Yorkdale Final Outcome 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

MAY-16-17 - Testing started and sensors placed. Pending switches and 

turn-up

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing completed. Pending completion of 

Switch Roulette to turn up sensors.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

JUL-04-17 - Sensors turned up, work in area completed

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

APR-04-17 - Everything roughed in and terminated except for outside locations. 

Need to coordinate access into new tenant area where milestones used to be.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

APR-25-17 - Testing Started inside Zone.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

JULY-04 - waiting on areas to access per drawing update.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale Switch roulette is completed. Troubleshooting remainder of sensors. Aislelabs to provide update.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 20%

- Southcentre, RH on hold until site can gain access. Common area sensors working. Aislelabs to provide update.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common completed, Sears areas on hold. Stage #1 switch roulette to start this week.

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 18th 2017. 

 Print Issue Date: 7/4/2017  10:30 AM

Page 1 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 23

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale Switch roulette is completed. Troubleshooting remainder of sensors. Aislelabs to provide update.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 20%

- Southcentre, RH on hold until site can gain access. Common area sensors working. Aislelabs to provide update.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common completed, Sears areas on hold. Stage #1 switch roulette to start this week.

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 18th 2017. 

3.15 Yorkdale Final Outcome 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work 80% dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending 

start date. Consolidation point installation starting this week. Will require access 

to Sportschk & Bose. RYCOM to confirm date.

APR-10-17 - Access to Bose occurring this Wednesday @ 6:30am. Testing and 

sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in common areas. Testing starting next week.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

JUL-04-17 - Sensors turned up, work in area completed

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.16 Yorkdale Final Outcome 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

5-Apr-17

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

JUL-04-17 - Sensors turned up, work in area completed

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 7/4/2017  10:30 AM

Page 2 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 23

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale Switch roulette is completed. Troubleshooting remainder of sensors. Aislelabs to provide update.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 20%

- Southcentre, RH on hold until site can gain access. Common area sensors working. Aislelabs to provide update.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common completed, Sears areas on hold. Stage #1 switch roulette to start this week.

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 18th 2017. 

3.17 Yorkdale UPDATE 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

JUL-04-17 - Found route to Scotia will complete.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale Final Outcome 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

27-Apr-17

MAR-27-17 - Tower portion to be started once all lift work is completed.

APR-04-17 - Work to start this week around the tower. 

APR-10-17 - Cabling installed, terminations starting tonight. Testing to start next 

week.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

JUL-04-17 - Sensors turned up, work in area completed

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 7/4/2017  10:30 AM

Page 3 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 23

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale Switch roulette is completed. Troubleshooting remainder of sensors. Aislelabs to provide update.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 20%

- Southcentre, RH on hold until site can gain access. Common area sensors working. Aislelabs to provide update.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common completed, Sears areas on hold. Stage #1 switch roulette to start this week.

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 18th 2017. 

3.23 Yorkdale UPDATE 4-Apr-17

Network Switch Roulette

Yorkdale has different models of switches onsite. To gain the most out of the 

infrastructure RYCOM will be moving existing infrastructure around to stack liked 

equipment together.

TBD

MAY-02-17 - RYCOM presented Yorkdale with overall Switch Roulette Solution.

MAY-03-17 - Yorkdale Approved Roulette Solution RYCOM is prepare 

programming of network switches. Will advise cutover dates. (No additional cost 

incurred to site for this work.)

MAY-23-17 - New equipment has arrived, will be scheduling phase #1 of the 

installation with the property for the week of May 29th. 

MAY-31-17 - 4 of 12 switches in Phase #1 completed last night. Will progress until 

phase #1 is completed.

JUN-06-17 - PH#1 90 percent completed, Will start re-purposing existing switches 

and deploying for next week.

JUN-20-17 - Regular hour work is completed, after hour work to start this week. 

Some sensor locations have been turned up.

JUN-26-17 - Phase I switches to be completed by Jun 27th. Phase II switches to be 

completed by June 28th.

JUL-04-17 - RYCOM provided Aislelabs with updated drawings as additional 

sensors have come online. Aislelabs to update on progress being made to 

dashboard.

Yorkdale

RYCOM

5.07 Square one On-Going 5-Jun-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

19-Jul-17

JUN-20-17 - Installation has started. Cabling 5% roughed in.

JUN-26-17 - No Change

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.08 Square one UPDATE 19-Jul-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level.

6-Sep-17

JUN-20-17 - Installation has started. Cabling 5% roughed in.

JUNE-26-17 - Cabling roughed in to 15%

JUL-04-17 - Cabling roughed in to 20%

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.09 Square one OPEN 19-Jul-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location 6-Sep-17

PENDING START National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 7/4/2017  10:30 AM

Page 4 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 23

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale Switch roulette is completed. Troubleshooting remainder of sensors. Aislelabs to provide update.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 20%

- Southcentre, RH on hold until site can gain access. Common area sensors working. Aislelabs to provide update.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common completed, Sears areas on hold. Stage #1 switch roulette to start this week.

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 18th 2017. 

6.04 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

TBD

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. 

MAY-23-17 - All cabling roughed in, terminations have started.

MAY-31-17 - Majority of cabling terminated testing will still next week. Some 

areas still need to pulled in. Working with UCM to gain access into tenant space.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of cabling installed, testing and sensor placement started.

JUN-20-17 - Testing & sensor placement 75% completed

JUN-26-17 - Common areas completed, waiting for switch installation.

JUL-04-17 - All common area sensors have been installed, will be turned up upon 

completion of switch roulette.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.05 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level

TBD

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. Waiting for pathway materials to 

arrive in order to schedule access into Pearle Vision & Bose Stores. 

MAY-23-17 - All cabling roughed in, terminations have started.

MAY-31-17 - Majority of cabling terminated testing will still next week. Some 

areas still need to pulled in. Working with UCM to gain access into tenant space.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of cabling installed, testing and sensor placement started.

JUN-20-17 - Testing & sensor placement 75% completed

JUN-26-17 - Common areas completed, waiting for switch installation.

JUL-04-17 - All common area sensors have been installed, will be turned up upon 

completion of switch roulette.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.06 UCM UPDATE 6-Jun-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location

1-Jul-17

APR-24-17 - PENDING start date, Installation won't start until common areas are 

completed.

JUN-06-17 - Submitted proposed schedule to property to gain access into anchor 

tenant spaces. Proposed start is next week if approved.

JUN-20-17 - Sports Chek & Toys-R-Us completed. Starting installation into Sears 

this week, followed with Hudson Bay the following week.

JUN-26-17 - Sears & Hudson Bay on hold until property can gain access. Property 

to advise when access is granted. Other anchor locations completed.

JUL-04-17 - Bay installation completed. Sears is on hold. All other locations have 

been completed. Property to advise when access to Sears has been granted.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 7/4/2017  10:30 AM

Page 5 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 23

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale Switch roulette is completed. Troubleshooting remainder of sensors. Aislelabs to provide update.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 20%

- Southcentre, RH on hold until site can gain access. Common area sensors working. Aislelabs to provide update.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common completed, Sears areas on hold. Stage #1 switch roulette to start this week.

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 18th 2017. 

6.09 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the network equipment installation.

TBD

PENDING Start date.

JUN-06-17 - RYCOM has prepared a plan, having our network team review and will 

submit to site this week.

JUN-20-17 - Networking team will have switches programmed by mid next week. 

Will schedule the switch installation for the following week.

JUN-26-17 - Anticipating switches in RYCOM Vaughan office this week. Installation 

to occur later this week or early next week.

JUL-04-17 - Stage #1 of switch installation to start and be completed this week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.1 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

TBD

APR-24-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, The sensors placed at Arthurs Landing 

could start collecting data but the dashboard wouldn't be completed until the 

installation is completed. Once the dashboard is live the property would have 

trending data.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

8.05 Southcentre Final Outcome 9-Mar-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

4-Jul-17

MAR-09-17 - Roughed in all sensors going to Admin office. Cabinet #3. Cabinet #2 

is roughed in. 

MAR-26-17 - Cables pulled to BBN cabinets #3, #4 &  proposed #1, work 

progressing slowly due to access hatch & access issues.

APR-04-17 - Installation progressing, area around Scotiabank roughed in.

APR-10-17 - Cables by Admin office and guest services have been brought to the 

cabinets and pushed through the ports.

APR-19-17 -  Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs 

to determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

APR-25-17 - Working on getting access into tenant suits for tonight.

MAY-16-17 - Common areas are roughed in, Approx. (10) locations have been 

tested and sensors placed.

MAY-23-17 - Continuing sensor placement and testing. Planned to have common 

areas completed by end of May.

JUN-06-17 - Need to review open hallway area, but majority of common area 

completed, waiting for installation of switches.

JUN-20-17 - Common area sensors and cabling placed. Waiting for switch 

installation.

JUL-04-17 - Network switches installed & Sensors connected.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 7/4/2017  10:30 AM

Page 6 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 23

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale Switch roulette is completed. Troubleshooting remainder of sensors. Aislelabs to provide update.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 20%

- Southcentre, RH on hold until site can gain access. Common area sensors working. Aislelabs to provide update.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common completed, Sears areas on hold. Stage #1 switch roulette to start this week.

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 18th 2017. 

8.06 Southcentre Final Outcome 9-Mar-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

4-Jul-17

Pending start on the upper level.

MAR-26-17 - Installation of upper level to start this coming week.

APR-10-17 - Cabling installation started on 2nd level where new cabinet is placed. 

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughen completed on the upper level going to the new 

cabinet. Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs to 

determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

MAY-16-17 - Common areas are roughed in, Approx. (40) locations have been 

tested and sensors placed.

MAY-23-17 - Continuing sensor placement and testing. Planned to have common 

areas completed by end of May.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of common area completed, waiting for installation of 

switches.

JUN-20-17 - Common area sensors and cabling placed. Waiting for switch 

installation.

JUL-04-17 - Network switches installed & Sensors connected.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.07 Southcentre UPDATE 6-Jun-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

30-Jun-17

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

MAY-23-17 - Working on creating Anchor schedule.

MAY-31-17 - Will have schedule to the property by end of week. 1st start date is 

approx. 1 week out from date submitted. 

June-06-17 - Have provided Southcentre with a schedule of when we would like to 

access the tenant areas. Will start this week with Shoppers & Sporting life.

JUN-20-17 - Installations completed within Shoppers, Chili's Texas Grill, 

SportsChek, Victoria Secret & Hudson Bay. Access into Crate in Barrel was not 

coordinated with the tenant for Monday access. will try again tonight. 

JUN-26-17 - Pending access into Restoration Hardware, site to coordinate access 

and advice RYCOM. Crate & Barrel & Craft moved to Wednesday Thursday of this 

week.

JUL-04-17 - Cabling roughed into Crate Barrel  & Craft., need return access to 

terminate. Pending direction from site for access into RH.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 7/4/2017  10:30 AM

Page 7 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 23

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale Switch roulette is completed. Troubleshooting remainder of sensors. Aislelabs to provide update.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 20%

- Southcentre, RH on hold until site can gain access. Common area sensors working. Aislelabs to provide update.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common completed, Sears areas on hold. Stage #1 switch roulette to start this week.

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 18th 2017. 

8.1 Southcentre UPDATE 23-May-17

NETWORK SWITCHES

The existing network switches onsite are Cisco 3560 and are currently managed by 

End-to-End. The switches provided under the Aislelabs project are Cisco 2960XR. 

(Oxford preferred BBN standard switches.) We will need to work with the site and 

End-to-end to determine deployment of these switches into the existing 

environment. (10) switches to be deployment throughout. 

TBD

MAY-19-17- Reached out to End-To-End to follow up on our call from March-2016 

time frame. Explained high level scope of what needs to happen onsite. Having a 

more in depth call on May 24 with the network engineers. Gerry from the site has 

been invited.

MAY-31-17 - Had meeting with End to End, They provided to RYCOM how they will 

link the existing switches to the new yesterday. We will provide to them a 

schedule where new equipment will be placed by end of week.

JUN-06-17 - Provided End-To-End with information they require. Waiting to 

receive information back to program switches and deploy onsite.

JUN-20-17 - RYCOM provided switches are in our Calgary office as of Monday, Will 

start switch installation this week. End to End replacing core switch this coming 

Wednesday.

JUN-26-17 - All new network switches placed, Verbal confirmation from End-To-

End they can see the switches. RYCOM is validating ports and will provide port 

turn-up list to End-to-End and Aislelabs.

JUL-04-17 - RYCOM work completed for switches, End-To-End to work with site to 

update existing contract. 

Southcentre

End-To-End

RYCOM

8.11 Southcentre OPEN 4-Jul-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

TBD

JUL-04-17 - Aislelabs has been working with End to End confirm network access. 

They have shared access to Cloudtrax. Aislelabs to update, on dashboard status.
Aislelabs

End-To-End

 Print Issue Date: 7/4/2017  10:30 AM

Page 8 of 8



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guest WiFi at Square One Hi Nadia,

I hope the reopening went smoothly! You may have noticed that there is an
issue with the guest WiFi at the centre. We're working with SingleDigits to
get this resolved ASAP. The issue appears to be linked to the
authentication server on their side.

We'll continue to monitor and assist SingleDigits where possible. Let me
know if you have any questions.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Sensors Offline at Square One Hi Jason,

Hope you are staying safe and healthy!

Just as a follow up to my previous email - we are still seeing a large
number of sensors offline at Square One. I wanted to provide a list of the
sensors that have been going offline since Monday of last week (March
23rd); please see attached.

I just wanted to provide an update on this issue so you have some more
insight. I realize resources to investigate on-site are very limited
currently. However, if you have any idea as to what the cause for these
issues may be, feel free to reach out so we can investigate further.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Social WiFi Outage Thank you for advising us.  We’ll share with the greater team.

Leah Walker, Assistant Property Manager
Oxford Properties Group

SQUAREONE Shopping Centre
100 City Centre Drive, Mississauga, Ontario L5B 2C9
Phone: 905 272-6227
Email: lwalker@oxfordproperties.com
shopSQUAREONE.com

[SQ1-Signature]



From: Martinez Nancy [mailto:martinez@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: Friday, June 08, 2018 3:45 PM
To: Tonia Ranieri; Toni Holley; Jason Nazareth; Leah Walker
Cc: Douglas Mo
Subject: Social WiFi Outage

Hi all,

I'm sure you are all aware at this point that there is an issue with the guest WiFi at Square One. Just wanted to let you know that SingleDigits are troubleshooting the issue and hope to have a resolution soon.

If you have any questions in the meantime, feel free to give me a call.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Square One User Access Hi Jason,

Below is a list of user accounts I have created for Square One. They will
have access to data related to the WiFi sign ins at this time. The location
analytics data are undergoing final validation so that will be available
soon as well.

I have inferred the email addresses from a list of names sent to me for
Square One users. If anyone should not have access or if one of the
addresses is incorrect, please let me know! You can log in at
www.gtbcorp.com

User: gtaylor@oxfordproperties.com
Password: ndgdircpxu86

User: jhaylock@oxfordproperties.com
Password: ormaiqzxzp39

User: tholley@oxfordproperties.com
Password: tmifmshets39

User: lwalker@oxfordproperties.com
Password: flwouceszk88

User: tranieri@oxfordproperties.com
Password: cyquewtbsk46

User: salmeida@oxfordproperties.com
Password: cfvrgpfrpw76

User: rdelarosa@oxfordproperties.com
Password: znzgrcdter33

User: jnazareth@oxfordproperties.com
Password: dlclwxitwb05

User: awhite@oxfordproperties.com
Password: oiddcyvazr85

User: ibruno@oxfordproperties.com
Password: gkxvpkhxhx66

User: aalkhouri@oxfordproperties.com
Password: guyomyaral14

Each user can set his or her own password on the User Settings page.

In addition, one user (lboughen@oxfordproperties.com) aljanety had an
account with Yorkdale access. If Lesley requires a password reset, let me
know!

If you have any questions or concerns I am happy to assist.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 6

Audience: (All)

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.07 Yorkdale OPEN 30-Jan-17

APPROVALS

RYCOM Rev'd e-mail notifying capital is approved. 

30-Jan-17

In order to execute, RYCOM will need a signed copy of the Rogers Agreements. 

RYCOM is getting the final Rogers proposals  signed and will submit to the 

property for approval.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM

3.08 Yorkdale OPEN 30-Jan-17

KICK-OFF

RYCOM conducted kick-off with the property to discuss Upcoming Aislelabs 

Project.

3-Feb-17

.- Property requested to have updated set of drawings, They believe some location 

may have been missed.

- Meeting setup to review Rooftop conduit pathways for FEB-2-2017

- Revised Schedule Baseline per attached schedule.

- Anticipate to start in Yorkdale East & West Expansions while conduit work is 

being planned & Installed. Planed Start Feb 6th.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM

3.09 Yorkdale OPEN 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS & OTHER

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs Sensors & Other

29-Mar-17

Aislelabs to provide latest sensor placement drawings.
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

4.04 STC OPEN 30-Jan-17

TENANT ACCESS

RYCOM will require access to some retail tenant units to install a pathway to 

support the Aislelabs Project. 30-Jan-17

JAN-30-17 - RYCOM requested access to the Tenant Call it Spring. Jeff will confirm 

if access is setup for this coming Wednesday Feb 1st. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.05 STC OPEN 16-Jan-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

2-Feb-17

JAN-23-17 - 60 Percent of cables are roughed in. Roughing in Lower & Upper levels 

concurrently

JAN-30-17 -  80 percent of cables are roughed in. Dropping of cables will start this 

week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.06 STC OPEN 16-Jan-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

2-Feb-17

JAN-23-17  - 10 percent of cables are roughed in on the upper level. 

JAN-30-17 - 20 percent of cables are roughed in on the upper level. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.07 STC OPEN 27-Feb-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on new Networking Equipment

Ordered = Equipment on Order and being configured

Staging = Equipment is programmed @ available

Installed = Equipment is installed onsite and Ready.

1-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - RYCOM PM ordered networking equipment to be configured and 

shipped to Vaughan office. Will attempt to have equipment installed prior to Feb-

27th date.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

Welcome!!!! This document package is to provide updates and highlights to the Progression of the Project

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC in progress, Activities start have shifted slighting but currently on track.

- Yorkdale scheduled to start Feb-06-16. Off from original start date.

- Upper Canada Mall has been awarded, Need to find out if it will be next after STC.

- Rev'd updated drawings for Square One, RYCOM will price and send out by weeks end.

 Print Issue Date: 01,30,2017  11:32 PM

Page 1 of 3



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 6

Audience: (All)

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

Welcome!!!! This document package is to provide updates and highlights to the Progression of the Project

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC in progress, Activities start have shifted slighting but currently on track.

- Yorkdale scheduled to start Feb-06-16. Off from original start date.

- Upper Canada Mall has been awarded, Need to find out if it will be next after STC.

- Rev'd updated drawings for Square One, RYCOM will price and send out by weeks end.

4.08 STC OPEN 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

21-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 PENDING START - Focusing on Upper & Lower Levels

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.09 STC OPEN 21-Mar-17

CINEPLEX  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring for Cineplex Area

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

29-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - PENDING START - Focusing on Upper & Lower Levels

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.1 STC OPEN 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs Sensors

29-Mar-17

Aislelabs procuring sensors. Will ship to RYCOM once they receive them. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM & Aislelabs

5.02 Square one NEW 23-Jan-17

REVISED DRAWINGS

RYCOM has Rev'd the revised drawings for Square One.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM to review drawings against the original quote and revise quote as 

necessary and re-submit by weeks end.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.03 Square one NEW 23-Jan-17

BUNDELING

Customer would like to bundle potential Bundle Aislelabs & Wireless Installations 

together. 3-Feb-17

RYCOM project manager responsible for the site is currently working on a design 

package for wireless infrastructure and a Class "D" estimate of potential Wifi cost 

to have it installed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.04 Square one NEW 23-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

The site would like to get the installations underway.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM will provide a high level schedule of start and end dates if we split the 

resources amongst Yorkdale and Square One. Durations of each site will be longer 

then original scheduled.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.02 UCM OPEN 27-Jan-17

AWARDED CONTRACT - DHA-01409-02

RYCOM has been awarded the contract to start the installation of cabling for 

Aislelabs. TBD

Need to discuss if this site will be started once STC Is Completed. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

8.01 South Centre OPEN 27-Jan-17

QUOTATION SUBMITTED

RYCOM submitted quotations to complete the Aislelabs Installation along with the 

extension of the BBN into the proposed (2) common space areas.
30-Jan-17

JAN-30-17 - Submitted the  (3) quotation per the unique offer. The quotation were 

sent to the property for reference only. RYCOM would ask the property to review 

and provide feedback ASAP. We have submitted the quotations to Rogers for 

signature. Once we receive back we will submit to property for execution. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 01,30,2017  11:32 PM

Page 2 of 3



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 6

Audience: (All)

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

Welcome!!!! This document package is to provide updates and highlights to the Progression of the Project

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC in progress, Activities start have shifted slighting but currently on track.

- Yorkdale scheduled to start Feb-06-16. Off from original start date.

- Upper Canada Mall has been awarded, Need to find out if it will be next after STC.

- Rev'd updated drawings for Square One, RYCOM will price and send out by weeks end.

9.01 Gatineau OPEN 13-Jan-17

QUOTATION SUBMITTED

RYCOM submitted quotation to complete the Aislelabs Installation in the 

property.

PENDING

JAN-13-17 - Property advised they only need (1) new switch as their existing 

switches are programmed with ports but not being used. (Currently RYCOM does 

not have visibility into the network to confirm but we are taking direction from 

site.)

JAN-27-17 - RYCOM submitted the proposals to Rogers for signature. Site agreed 

with revised pricing and scope.

JAN-30-17 - Followed with Status of Rogers signature.

(blank)

10.01 DIX30 OPEN 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 01,30,2017  11:32 PM

Page 3 of 3



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Social WiFi at Square One Hi Damon and Lucia,

I just wanted to quickly touch base on Social WiFi at Square One. Single
Digits has been setting up a splash page but it will not collect any user
data. I am assuming that the intention is to use our splash page but I
would like formal confirmation from yourselves and/or the site before I ask
Single Digits to make the change.

Here is a preview of the page for Square One. It follows the format we set
out and uses the creative that was provided to Single Digits.

https://splash.gtbcorp.com/o/portal/sw_1.jsp?swid=7517409&isPreview=iKnowWhatIAmDoing&challenge=88888888

Let me know! I believe the intention is to go live on Monday.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Guest WiFi Splash Page for Square One Shopping Centre Hi Jason,

I was told to get the most recent creative for the top banner from Toni and
Samantha. However, if I do not hear back from them by tomorrow I will use
the image you have provided and send you a preview for approval.

Let me know if that's an issue. Otherwise, expect to see a preview link
tomorrow!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 14

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.11 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Outside / Tenant Space

Document progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

28-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Reviewed Onsite. Pending installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.12 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation started Monday, techs are reviewing pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% roughed In. Need to review difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% terminate, 70% sensors placed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs
9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Rough in Started around Shoppers. Need to review sensors located 

near Bay. May need to place on Bay store front.

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending start 

date. Milestones under construction will coordinate install with property.

APR-04-17 - Everything roughed in and terminated except for outside locations. 

Need to coordinate access into new tenant area where milestones used to be.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Will review Forever XXI next week. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Access arranged to Bose. Testing to start mid next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Will coordinate start dates.

- Gatineau site installation completed, reviewed with contractors rooftop work. Gathering costs and will prepare budget for rooftop install. 

- Southcentre BBN lower cabinet fibre terminated, new cabinets are prepared. Dressed cabling to GS Desk BBN & Admin. Boom lift on order.

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

 Print Issue Date: 04,10,2017  10:42 PM

Page 1 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 14

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Will review Forever XXI next week. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Access arranged to Bose. Testing to start mid next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Will coordinate start dates.

- Gatineau site installation completed, reviewed with contractors rooftop work. Gathering costs and will prepare budget for rooftop install. 

- Southcentre BBN lower cabinet fibre terminated, new cabinets are prepared. Dressed cabling to GS Desk BBN & Admin. Boom lift on order.

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

3.15 Yorkdale UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Conduit routed through Indigo ready for RYCOM. Pending Installation 

of rooftop conduits. Will need to arrange access into Home Outfitters to pass 

cable through electrical RM.

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work 80% dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending 

start date. Consolidation point installation starting this week. Will require access 

to Sportschk & Bose. RYCOM to confirm date.

APR-10-17 - Access to Bose occurring this Wednesday @ 6:30am. Testing and 

sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.16 Yorkdale UPDATE 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
5-Apr-17

FEB-22-17 - Installation started 

FEB-28-17 - 100%  roughed In

MAR-27-17 - 75% dropped. Consolidation point installation starting this week for 

area by Harry Rosen.

APR-04-17 - Consolidation point cabling roughed in. terminations to start next 

week.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale UPDATE 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

APR-04-17 - Joey sensors have been relocated to under the slab near the entrance 

to avoid running conduit and working on the overhang.  Installation progressing.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale UPDATE 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughing started Approx. 40%

FEB-28-17 - No  change

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Tower portion to be started once all lift work is completed.

APR-04-17 - Work to start this week around the tower. 

APR-10-17 - Cabling installed, terminations starting tonight. Testing to start next 

week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.19 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

1-May-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-27-17 - Roughing started. Consolidation point installation starting this week.

APR-04-17 - RYCOM will start reviewing the Anchor stores next week to 

determine pathways and scope.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 04,10,2017  10:42 PM

Page 2 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 14

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Will review Forever XXI next week. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Access arranged to Bose. Testing to start mid next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Will coordinate start dates.

- Gatineau site installation completed, reviewed with contractors rooftop work. Gathering costs and will prepare budget for rooftop install. 

- Southcentre BBN lower cabinet fibre terminated, new cabinets are prepared. Dressed cabling to GS Desk BBN & Admin. Boom lift on order.

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

4.08 STC UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

21-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 PENDING START - Focusing on upper & lower levels

FEB-24-17 - Walked with OM and spoke with Managers at each anchor tenant 

except for The Bay & Cineplex. OM to coordinate access into site. Likely to start 

March 13th. Assuming (1) week per Anchor. 

MAR-09-17  - Coordinated to start Anchor Installations. Proposed time as follows: 

March 13 to March 17 – Sears, March 20 to March 24 – Walmart

March 27 to March 31 – Forever XXXI,  April 3 to April 7 – HBC. We have a 2nd 

crew and can expedite if access is available.

MAR-24-17 - Cabling installed at Sears & Walmart. Pending approval for Forever 

XXI & Bay

APR-04-17 - Installation pending, reviewing alternative options for Forever XXI 

area.

APR-10-17 - Reviewed Forever XXI areas with property, will install sensors in the 

high ceiling area. No access to Forever XXI is permitted.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.1 STC OPEN 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

29-Mar-17

Aislelabs procuring sensors. Will ship to RYCOM once they receive them.

JAN-31-17 - STC would like a spare sensor pool onsite approx. (5) extra sensors. To 

be reviewed by Aislelabs.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, (5) extra Sensors will be handed over to 

the property.

FEB-21-17 - Extra sensors have delivered to site, have been placed inside MER 

Core cabinet.

MAR-09-17 - Aislelabs is creating database for site.

MAR-24-17 - Aislelabs reported issues with a couple of sensors. Techs & NOC will 

look into this next week and confirm back with Aislelabs.

APR-04-17 -- NOC checked sensors. We can see all the sensors but one. The sensor 

not working isn't a MAC addresses we have listed on the drawing. will review.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM & Aislelabs

8-Mar-17

A1 counting installation

Robert Horst requested RYCOM to pull in the A1 Counting cabling into the Bay 

while we are pulling in the entrance locations.

TBD

MAR-09-17 - RYCOM will supply CAT6 cabling and install it from the BBN cabinet 

to the locations as shown on the A1 drawing. Cabling to be invoiced separately 

from Aislelabs project. A1 counting to provide RYCOM with Ethernet extenders for 

this space.

 MAR-24-17 - Pending approval to the BAY to start work.

APR-04-17 - Pending access into Hudson bay to complete installation.

STC Management

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,10,2017  10:42 PM

Page 3 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 14

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Will review Forever XXI next week. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Access arranged to Bose. Testing to start mid next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Will coordinate start dates.

- Gatineau site installation completed, reviewed with contractors rooftop work. Gathering costs and will prepare budget for rooftop install. 

- Southcentre BBN lower cabinet fibre terminated, new cabinets are prepared. Dressed cabling to GS Desk BBN & Admin. Boom lift on order.

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

5.04 Square one UPDATE 23-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

The site would like to get the installations underway.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM will provide a high level schedule of start and end dates if we split the 

resources amongst Yorkdale and Square One. Durations of each site will be longer 

then original scheduled.

FEB-10-17 - Splitting the crews would delay the completion of Yorkdale to approx. 

end of August. Current Baseline is end of May.

FEB-13-17 - RYCOM has committed to see if there are ways to start Square One 

earlier. Potential the crew from STC could go to Square One to start 

FEB-28-17 - Square One will start once STC is completed. Estimated start is mid 

April, will improve timeline if possible.

APR-04-17 - Installation at STC 98 percent complete. Square one will start shortly.

APR-10-17 - Rec'vd approval from Square One team.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.03 UCM OPEN 28-Feb-17

Proposed Schedule

Track proposed start dates

TBD

UCM will start once Yorkdale is completed. Estimated start month is June. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

8.04 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

Access Hatch Installation

RYCOM is reviewing pathways throughout the site to determine how the Aislelabs 

installation will occur.

24-Feb-17

MAR-09-17 - RYCOM has reviewed pathways and in the process of preparing a 

drawing showing potential access hatch locations. Will be having a call on MAR-10-

17 with site to review.

MAR-27-17 - Had an onsite meeting with Gerry. RYCOM proposal didn't include for 

access hatch installation. property didn't' carry budget. Issue to be discussed with 

Sam when he is back from vacation. RYCOM to prepare access hatch drawing. 

Gerry to provide access hatch vendor contact information to continue progression.

APR-04-17 - Pending direction on how to proceed. Waiting for Gerry to provide 

Access hatch contractor contact name.

APR-10-17 - Pending Access Hatch installation, sent drawing to Gerry's access 

hatch vendor. Southcentre to provide Carl with direction what access hatch style 

to use. Access hatches should be 24" X 24".

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,10,2017  10:42 PM

Page 4 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 14

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Will review Forever XXI next week. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Access arranged to Bose. Testing to start mid next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Will coordinate start dates.

- Gatineau site installation completed, reviewed with contractors rooftop work. Gathering costs and will prepare budget for rooftop install. 

- Southcentre BBN lower cabinet fibre terminated, new cabinets are prepared. Dressed cabling to GS Desk BBN & Admin. Boom lift on order.

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

8.05 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
TBD

MAR-09-17 - Roughed in all sensors going to Admin office. Cabinet #3. Cabinet #2 

is roughed in. 

MAR-26-17 - Cables pulled to BBN cabinets #3, #4 &  proposed #1, work 

progressing slowly due to access hatch & access issues.

APR-04-17 - Installation progressing, area around Scotiabank roughed in.

APR-10-17 - Cables by Admin office and guest services have been brought to the 

cabinets and pushed through the ports.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.06 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for AisleLabs

TBD

Pending start on the upper level.

MAR-26-17 - Installation of upper level to start this coming week.

APR-10-17 - Cabling installation started on 2nd level where new cabinet is placed. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.07 Southcentre OPEN 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.08 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ACCESS TO SITE.

RYCOM has been having difficulty accessing areas of the site. We met with Gerry 

on MAR-27-17  and followed up with an e-mail  to Gerry on MAR-28-17. This is a 

summary of the items.

ASAP

1) Blanket security access From now until May in rooms where BBN cabinets are 

located.

2) We are approved to remove Pot lights & speakers to run cabling to avoid having 

to install additional access hatches.

3) Access into tenant spaces coordinated by RYCOM. Cost by landlord

4) Require key to BBN cabinets #2, #4, & #9.

APR-04-17 - BBN keys available at security per Gerry.

APR-10-17 - Confirmed with techs access around site is easier. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.09 Southcentre UPDATE 4-Apr-17

BBN CABINET INSTALLATIONS

Item to  track progression of the (2) new BBN Cabinet's to be installed.

(blank)

APR-04-17 - Onsite techs have coordinated with the property the final locations 

for the new BBN Cabinets. Fibre to lower level cabinet installed. Both upper and 

lower level cabinets mounted.

APR-10-17 - Fibre is terminated  on lower level, UPS's are installed along with 

patch panels.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,10,2017  10:42 PM

Page 5 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 14

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Cineplex completed, Will review Forever XXI next week. Pending access to The Bay.

- Yorkdale installation progressing in different zone areas. Access arranged to Bose. Testing to start mid next week.

- Square One, received approval from site. Will coordinate start dates.

- Gatineau site installation completed, reviewed with contractors rooftop work. Gathering costs and will prepare budget for rooftop install. 

- Southcentre BBN lower cabinet fibre terminated, new cabinets are prepared. Dressed cabling to GS Desk BBN & Admin. Boom lift on order.

- UCM - Pending start date. Potential start is June, once Yorkdale is completed. Will firm up once Yorkdale is closer to completion.

- Next conference call scheduled for April 25th.

9.03 Gatineau UPDATE 9-Mar-17

MAIN LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
31-Mar-17

MAR-09-17 - Cables roughed in @ food court.

MAR-24 - Pulled in installation of (38) locations to date.

MAR-27-17 - To be completed by March -31-17

APR-04-17 - All cabling installed, starting patching and port turn ups. Site should 

be completed by weeks end. 

APR-10-17 - Work onsite is completed, RYCOM will prepare drawings and send to 

Aislelabs this week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

9.04 Gatineau UPDATE 27-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

31-Mar-17

Pending start for anchor tenants

MAR-24-17 - Anchor installations have been coordinated and started. Costco on 

hold until we receive update from property.

MAR-27-17 - To be completed by March -31-17

APR-04-17 - Sports Experts, Simons & Hudson Bay is completed. Access to Costco 

has not been granted. Reviewing a rooftop style installation onsite this Thursday 

for Costco. Archambault access is arranged.

APR-13-17 - RYCOM reviewed rooftop installation with building's roofing and 

electrical contractors. Pending pricing to provide budget to complete work. Sent 

Aislelabs a make up of the roofing material to see if the Wireless Sensor will work.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

10.01 DIX30 OPEN 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed last week. Approx. 6 

to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to provide 

budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is completed.

FEB-21-17 - Rev'd drawings Aislelabs drawings. Pending BBN design completion 

prior to pricing Aislelabs.

MAR-27-17 - BBN Design 50% completed. Once final is done RYCOM to provide 

budget for Aislelabs.

APR-04-17 - Site is working on revised Aislelabs design. Once design is completed 

it will be sent to RYCOM for budgetary pricing.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 04,10,2017  10:42 PM

Page 6 of 6



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 19

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.12 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs 14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation started Monday, techs are reviewing pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% roughed In. Need to review difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% terminate, 70% sensors placed.

MAY-16-17 - Testing started and sensors placed. Pending switches and 

turn-up

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing completed. Pending completion of 

Switch Roulette to turn up sensors.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Rough in Started around Shoppers. Need to review sensors located 

near Bay. May need to place on Bay store front.

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending start 

date. Milestones under construction will coordinate install with property.

APR-04-17 - Everything roughed in and terminated except for outside locations. 

Need to coordinate access into new tenant area where milestones used to be.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

APR-25-17 - Testing Started inside Zone.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.

- Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale, Hudson Bay completed. Testing and sensor placement continuing. BBN PH#1 switch install has started.

- Square One, network switches installation started. On track to perform kick-off next week. followed with installation. 

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas, testing and sensor placement started. BBN cabinets ready to accept switches. 

- UCM, Arthurs Landing completed, access to Thyme Maternity tonight. Pending access to Bose. 

- Next conference call scheduled for June 6th 2017. 

 Print Issue Date: 5/31/2017  9:34 AM

Page 1 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 19

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.

- Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale, Hudson Bay completed. Testing and sensor placement continuing. BBN PH#1 switch install has started.

- Square One, network switches installation started. On track to perform kick-off next week. followed with installation. 

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas, testing and sensor placement started. BBN cabinets ready to accept switches. 

- UCM, Arthurs Landing completed, access to Thyme Maternity tonight. Pending access to Bose. 

- Next conference call scheduled for June 6th 2017. 

3.15 Yorkdale UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Conduit routed through Indigo ready for RYCOM. Pending Installation 

of rooftop conduits. Will need to arrange access into Home Outfitters to pass 

cable through electrical RM.

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work 80% dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending 

start date. Consolidation point installation starting this week. Will require access 

to Sportschk & Bose. RYCOM to confirm date.

APR-10-17 - Access to Bose occurring this Wednesday @ 6:30am. Testing and 

sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in common areas. Testing starting next week.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.16 Yorkdale UPDATE 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

5-Apr-17

FEB-22-17 - Installation started 

FEB-28-17 - 100%  roughed In

MAR-27-17 - 75% dropped. Consolidation point installation starting this week for 

area by Harry Rosen.

APR-04-17 - Consolidation point cabling roughed in. terminations to start next 

week.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale UPDATE 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

APR-04-17 - Joey sensors have been relocated to under the slab near the entrance 

to avoid running conduit and working on the overhang.  Installation progressing.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 5/31/2017  9:34 AM

Page 2 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 19

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.

- Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale, Hudson Bay completed. Testing and sensor placement continuing. BBN PH#1 switch install has started.

- Square One, network switches installation started. On track to perform kick-off next week. followed with installation. 

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas, testing and sensor placement started. BBN cabinets ready to accept switches. 

- UCM, Arthurs Landing completed, access to Thyme Maternity tonight. Pending access to Bose. 

- Next conference call scheduled for June 6th 2017. 

3.18 Yorkdale UPDATE 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughing started Approx. 40%

FEB-28-17 - No  change

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Tower portion to be started once all lift work is completed.

APR-04-17 - Work to start this week around the tower. 

APR-10-17 - Cabling installed, terminations starting tonight. Testing to start next 

week.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.19 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

1-May-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-27-17 - Roughing started. Consolidation point installation starting this week.

APR-04-17 - RYCOM will start reviewing the Anchor stores next week to 

determine pathways and scope.

APR-19-17 - Review Anchor areas April 20th. 

APR-25-17 - Reviewed Hudson Bay area onsite, RYCOM will provide drawing 

identifying proposed pathway this week to the building. Requested Access to 

Sportschk this week. Reviewed Banana Republic area, will arrange time for install. 

Review Crate & Barrel, further review required.

MAY-16-17 - Sportschk completed. Access arranged in Banana Republic, Crate & 

Barrel this week, Hudson Bay access arranged for week of May 23rd.

MAY-31-17 - The Bay sensor installation completed. Requested access into Banana 

Republic and Indigo for placement of spare cables. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.23 Yorkdale UPDATE 4-Apr-17

Network Switch Roulette

Yorkdale has different models of switches onsite. To gain the most out of the 

infrastructure RYCOM will be moving existing infrastructure around to stack liked 

equipment together.

TBD

MAY-02-17 - RYCOM presented Yorkdale with overall Switch Roulette Solution.

MAY-03-17 - Yorkdale Approved Roulette Solution RYCOM is prepare 

programming of network switches. Will advise cutover dates. (No additional cost 

incurred to site for this work.)

MAY-23-17 - New equipment has arrived, will be scheduling phase #1 of the 

installation with the property for the week of May 29th. 

MAY-31-17 - 4 of 12 switches in Phase #1 completed last night. Will progress until 

phase #1 is completed.

Yorkdale

RYCOM

5.05 Square one NEW 29-May-17

Switches

Section to track the progress installation of the additional switches within the 

property. 6-Jun-17

MAY-31-17 - All network switches are installed only (10) of the (16) are turned up 

and active.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 5/31/2017  9:34 AM

Page 3 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 19

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.

- Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale, Hudson Bay completed. Testing and sensor placement continuing. BBN PH#1 switch install has started.

- Square One, network switches installation started. On track to perform kick-off next week. followed with installation. 

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas, testing and sensor placement started. BBN cabinets ready to accept switches. 

- UCM, Arthurs Landing completed, access to Thyme Maternity tonight. Pending access to Bose. 

- Next conference call scheduled for June 6th 2017. 

5.06 Square one NEW 29-May-17

PROJECT KICKOFF

Section to track the progress of the Kick-off

6-Jun-17

MAY-31-17 - Onsite project installation kick-off to occur the 1st of next week. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.07 Square one NEW 5-Jun-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

19-Jul-17

PENDING START National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.08 Square one NEW 19-Jul-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level.

6-Sep-17

PENDING START National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.09 Square one NEW 19-Jul-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location 6-Sep-17

PENDING START National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.04 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

TBD

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. 

MAY-23-17 - All cabling roughed in, terminations have started.

MAY-31-17 - Majority of cabling terminated testing will still next week. Some 

areas still need to pulled in. Working with UCM to gain access into tenant space.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.05 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level

TBD

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. Waiting for pathway materials to 

arrive in order to schedule access into Pearle Vision & Bose Stores. 

MAY-23-17 - All cabling roughed in, terminations have started.

MAY-31-17 - Majority of cabling terminated testing will still next week. Some 

areas still need to pulled in. Working with UCM to gain access into tenant space.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.06 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location TBD

APR-24-17 - PENDING start date, Installation won't start until common areas are 

completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 5/31/2017  9:34 AM

Page 4 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 19

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.

- Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale, Hudson Bay completed. Testing and sensor placement continuing. BBN PH#1 switch install has started.

- Square One, network switches installation started. On track to perform kick-off next week. followed with installation. 

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas, testing and sensor placement started. BBN cabinets ready to accept switches. 

- UCM, Arthurs Landing completed, access to Thyme Maternity tonight. Pending access to Bose. 

- Next conference call scheduled for June 6th 2017. 

6.07 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

TENANT ACCESS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location

TBD

APR-24-17 - Property expressed Arthurs Landing will be opening May 1st and they 

would like to add sensors into that area. RYCOM spoke with  the restaurant and 

identified the best time for installation is prior to store open and be completed 

after 9PM. Property is coordinating access for this week. NOTE - these sensors 

were not part of the design however we will provide them and take them from 

the sensors proposed to be installation around the expansion.

MAY-16-17 - RYCOM will starting the installation into Arthurs landing tonight. 

Notification has been sent to client.

MAY-23-17 - Site manager did let night manager know. We have revised access for 

this Tuesday night shift starting on Wednesday morning @ 1AM.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.08 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

FOOD MARKET

The Food Market is currently in development. During the kick-off meeting the 

property expressed they would like to extend Aislelabs into this space. This 

section is to keep track of the design leading up to Implementation. TBD

APR-24-17 - The development is effecting the planned Aislelabs sensor 

installation. RYCOM and the property agreed we would place these sensors when 

it makes sense with the development program. RYCOM & Aislelabs will provide 

another proposal for Aislelabs sensors into the food market area. Drawings are 

currently being revised and will be provided to the site once completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.09 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the network equipment installation.

TBD

PENDING Start date. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.1 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

TBD

APR-24-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, The sensors placed at Arthurs Landing 

could start collecting data but the dashboard wouldn't be completed until the 

installation is completed. Once the dashboard is live the property would have 

trending data.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 5/31/2017  9:34 AM

Page 5 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 19

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.

- Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale, Hudson Bay completed. Testing and sensor placement continuing. BBN PH#1 switch install has started.

- Square One, network switches installation started. On track to perform kick-off next week. followed with installation. 

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas, testing and sensor placement started. BBN cabinets ready to accept switches. 

- UCM, Arthurs Landing completed, access to Thyme Maternity tonight. Pending access to Bose. 

- Next conference call scheduled for June 6th 2017. 

8.05 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

MAR-09-17 - Roughed in all sensors going to Admin office. Cabinet #3. Cabinet #2 

is roughed in. 

MAR-26-17 - Cables pulled to BBN cabinets #3, #4 &  proposed #1, work 

progressing slowly due to access hatch & access issues.

APR-04-17 - Installation progressing, area around Scotiabank roughed in.

APR-10-17 - Cables by Admin office and guest services have been brought to the 

cabinets and pushed through the ports.

APR-19-17 -  Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs 

to determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

APR-25-17 - Working on getting access into tenant suits for tonight.

MAY-16-17 - Common areas are roughed in, Approx. (10) locations have been 

tested and sensors placed.

MAY-23-17 - Continuing sensor placement and testing. Planned to have common 

areas completed by end of May.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.06 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

Pending start on the upper level.

MAR-26-17 - Installation of upper level to start this coming week.

APR-10-17 - Cabling installation started on 2nd level where new cabinet is placed. 

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughen completed on the upper level going to the new 

cabinet. Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs to 

determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

MAY-16-17 - Common areas are roughed in, Approx. (40) locations have been 

tested and sensors placed.

MAY-23-17 - Continuing sensor placement and testing. Planned to have common 

areas completed by end of May.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.07 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

MAY-23-17 - Working on creating Anchor schedule.

MAY-31-17 - Will have schedule to the property by end of week. 1st start date is 

approx. 1 week out from date submitted. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 5/31/2017  9:34 AM

Page 6 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 19

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.

- Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale, Hudson Bay completed. Testing and sensor placement continuing. BBN PH#1 switch install has started.

- Square One, network switches installation started. On track to perform kick-off next week. followed with installation. 

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas, testing and sensor placement started. BBN cabinets ready to accept switches. 

- UCM, Arthurs Landing completed, access to Thyme Maternity tonight. Pending access to Bose. 

- Next conference call scheduled for June 6th 2017. 

8.09 Southcentre OPEN 4-Apr-17

BBN CABINET INSTALLATIONS

Item to  track progression of the (2) new BBN Cabinet's to be installed.

(blank)

APR-04-17 - Onsite techs have coordinated with the property the final locations 

for the new BBN Cabinets. Fibre to lower level cabinet installed. Both upper and 

lower level cabinets mounted.

APR-10-17 - Fibre is terminated  on lower level, UPS's are installed along with 

patch panels.

APR-25-17 - Pending fibre installation on Upper level, Need to coordinate access 

into tenant space.

MAY-16-17 - BBN Cabinet installation completed. Pending installation of network 

Switches.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.1 Southcentre UPDATE 23-May-17

NETWORK SWITCHES

The existing network switches onsite are Cisco 3560 and are currently managed by 

End-to-End. The switches provided under the Aislelabs project are Cisco 2960XR. 

(Oxford preferred BBN standard switches.) We will need to work with the site and 

End-to-end to determine deployment of these switches into the existing 

environment. (10) switches to be deployment throughout. 

TBD

MAY-19-17- Reached out to End-To-End to follow up on our call from March-2016 

time frame. Explained high level scope of what needs to happen onsite. Having a 

more in depth call on May 24 with the network engineers. Gerry from the site has 

been invited.

MAY-31-17 - Had meeting with End to End, They provided to RYCOM how they will 

link the existing switches to the new yesterday. We will provide to them a 

schedule where new equipment will be placed by end of week.

Southcentre

End-To-End

RYCOM

9.04 Gatineau OPEN 27-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

31-Mar-17

Pending start for anchor tenants

MAR-24-17 - Anchor installations have been coordinated and started. Costco on 

hold until we receive update from property.

MAR-27-17 - To be completed by March -31-17

APR-04-17 - Sports Experts, Simons & Hudson Bay is completed. Access to Costco 

has not been granted. Reviewing a rooftop style installation onsite this Thursday 

for Costco. Archambault access is arranged.

APR-13-17 - RYCOM reviewed rooftop installation with building's roofing and 

electrical contractors. Pending pricing to provide budget to complete work. Sent 

Aislelabs a make up of the roofing material to see if the Wireless Sensor will work.

APR-19-17 - RYCOM will provide budgetary numbers to site for Costco. (1) sensor 

is not working located in Sports Expert. RYCOM will resolve during Costco 

installation or sooner if Costco doesn't get approved.

APR-25-17 - Moving Costco to Item 9.05, Need to return to site for Sports Expert. 

Power supply is bad and needs to be replaced.

MAY-16-17 - Provided troubleshooting of Sports Experts. Results showing  the 

cable is bad and needs to be re-run. RYCOM scheduler reviewing return date.

MAY-23-17 - Techs will be arriving to site on June 5th to replace cabling through 

Sport Experts.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 5/31/2017  9:34 AM

Page 7 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 19

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.

- Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale, Hudson Bay completed. Testing and sensor placement continuing. BBN PH#1 switch install has started.

- Square One, network switches installation started. On track to perform kick-off next week. followed with installation. 

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas, testing and sensor placement started. BBN cabinets ready to accept switches. 

- UCM, Arthurs Landing completed, access to Thyme Maternity tonight. Pending access to Bose. 

- Next conference call scheduled for June 6th 2017. 

10.01 DIX30 On-Going 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed last week. Approx. 6 

to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to provide 

budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is completed.

FEB-21-17 - Rev'd drawings Aislelabs drawings. Pending BBN design completion 

prior to pricing Aislelabs.

MAR-27-17 - BBN Design 50% completed. Once final is done RYCOM to provide 

budget for Aislelabs.

APR-04-17 - Site is working on revised Aislelabs design. Once design is completed 

it will be sent to RYCOM for budgetary pricing.

APR-19-17 - Pending receiving revised drawings from site and Aislelabs.

APR-25-17 - Pending revised drawings from the site / Aislelabs.

MAY-16-17 - Pending revised drawings from the site / Aislelabs.

MAY-23-17 - Pending revised drawings from the site / Aislelabs.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 5/31/2017  9:34 AM

Page 8 of 8



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fwd: Ticket #2594246: Square One Shopping Centre: RE: Square One Shopping Centre Low WiFi Logins Hi Valerie

Wondering if you might be able to follow up on the below? It seems that the
splash page is still down at Square One.

Could you please let me know what the status is and when we might expect
this to go back up?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
gtbcorps interruption/error - Square One Hi Robin,

I hope you’ve had a great Friday!

I’m reaching out because I’m experiencing some interruption issues on gtbcorps and wanted to ensure it would not affect our e-blast that we are planning to have deploy tomorrow morning.

Over the last 20-30 mins I have been creating our email template for this e-blast – and it was coconnorng and not saving a lot of my updates. I finally was able to finish the template, but when I sent myself a test and clicked one of the links – it would take me to an gtbcorps page that says ‘Bad Gateway’. My concern is that because it redirects through gtbcorps to the url that our audience may experience this as well upon receiving the e-blast.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 8

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.07 Yorkdale UPDATE 30-Jan-17

APPROVALS

RYCOM Rev'd e-mail notifying capital is approved. 

30-Jan-17

In order to execute, RYCOM will need a signed copy of the Rogers Agreements. 

RYCOM is getting the final Rogers proposals  signed and will submit to the 

property for approval.

FEB-13-17 - Waiting for Signed Proposals from Site.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM

3.09 Yorkdale Final Outcome 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS & OTHER

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs Sensors & Other

31-Jan-17

Aislelabs to provide latest sensor placement drawings.

JAN-31-17 - Rev'd latest drawings. Using drawings Dated NOV-25th From National 

Marketing team. 
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.10 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Roof

Document Progress occurring on for the rooftop pathways.

13-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Onsite Coordination occurring to find best possible entry's into 

ceilings.

FEB-06-17 - Reviewing Pathway over Forever XXI. RYCOM to review pathways 

prior to holes being placed in roof. RYCOM will seek approval from Yorkdale.

FEB-10-17 - Reviewed Pathways with Ampere.

FEB-13-17 - Submitted Proposed Pathways to Site. Site modified Drawings and 

approved. Pending start of Roof work due to weather conditions.

RYCOM

AMPERE

SEMPLE GOODER

3.11 Yorkdale OPEN 7-Feb-17

Pathway Installations Outside / Tenant Space

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

28-Feb-17

FEB-02-17 - Reviewed Onsite. Pending Installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.12 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation Started Monday, Techs are reviewing Pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% Roughed In. Need to Review Difficult areas National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- Happy Valentine's Day 2017!

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level 45% Roughed In. Switch installation 25% Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits coordinated & Approved, waiting on weather.

- Square One, reviewing installation start dates and scope. 

- Opportunity to start Gatineau in March. Marketing to confirm. 

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

 Print Issue Date: 02,14,2017  7:15 AM

Page 1 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 8

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- Happy Valentine's Day 2017!

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level 45% Roughed In. Switch installation 25% Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits coordinated & Approved, waiting on weather.

- Square One, reviewing installation start dates and scope. 

- Opportunity to start Gatineau in March. Marketing to confirm. 

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

3.14 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.15 Yorkdale OPEN 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.16 Yorkdale OPEN 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

5-Apr-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale OPEN 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale OPEN 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

27-Apr-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.19 Yorkdale OPEN 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

1-May-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 02,14,2017  7:15 AM

Page 2 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 8

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- Happy Valentine's Day 2017!

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level 45% Roughed In. Switch installation 25% Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits coordinated & Approved, waiting on weather.

- Square One, reviewing installation start dates and scope. 

- Opportunity to start Gatineau in March. Marketing to confirm. 

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

4.05 STC UPDATE 16-Jan-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs
2-Feb-17

JAN-23-17 - 60%  Percent of cables are roughed in. Roughing in Lower & Upper 

levels concurrently

JAN-30-17 -  80% of cables are roughed in. Dropping of cables will start this week.

FEB-07-17 - 100% Roughed In, 95% Terminated. Sensor Install on track to complete 

FEB-14-17.

FEB-14-17 - 95% Complete. Waiting on Switch installation All sensors installed.  

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.06 STC UPDATE 16-Jan-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on the Upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

27-Feb-17

JAN-23-17  - 10 percent of cables are roughed in on the upper level. 

JAN-30-17 - 20 percent of cables are roughed in on the upper level.

FEB-07-17 - No Change. Resources focused on Lower Level.

FEB-14-17 - 40% Roughed in.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.07 STC UPDATE 27-Feb-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring on new Networking Equipment

Ordered = Equipment on Order and being configured

Staging = Equipment is programmed @ available

Installed = Equipment is installed onsite and Ready.

1-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - RYCOM PM ordered networking equipment to be configured and 

shipped to Vaughan office. Will attempt to have equipment installed prior to Feb-

27th date.

FEB-07-17 - Network Gear Installing now ahead of schedule. 

FEB-14-17 - 25% Installed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.08 STC OPEN 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

21-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 PENDING START - Focusing on Upper & Lower Levels

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.09 STC OPEN 21-Mar-17

CINEPLEX  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring for Cineplex Area

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

29-Mar-17

JAN-30-17 - PENDING START - Focusing on Upper & Lower Levels

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.1 STC OPEN 21-Mar-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs Sensors

29-Mar-17

Aislelabs procuring sensors. Will ship to RYCOM once they receive them.

JAN-31-17 - STC would like a spare Sensor pool onsite approx. (5) extra sensors. To 

be reviewed by Aislelabs.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM Spoke with Aislelabs, (5) extra Sensors will be handed over to 

the property.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 02,14,2017  7:15 AM

Page 3 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 8

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- Happy Valentine's Day 2017!

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level 45% Roughed In. Switch installation 25% Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits coordinated & Approved, waiting on weather.

- Square One, reviewing installation start dates and scope. 

- Opportunity to start Gatineau in March. Marketing to confirm. 

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

4.11 STC OPEN 1-Feb-17

NEW FOOD COURT CONSTRUCTION

1-Feb-17

02-01-17 - The tiling contractor won't allow scissor lifts on the titled floor for 30-

days as the lifts have the potential to crack titles. We can continue doing working 

with 10' platform ladders. We have an issue thou getting to the high ceiling area. 

We will review the following week to see if we can bring the lift through the mall 

entrance doors by Cineplex

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

STC

RYCOM

4.12 STC OPEN 7-Feb-17

Locality Sensor & Gateway Removal

RYCOM will remove old Locality Sensors and Gateways and provide to Landlord. TBD

Pending Start.

(blank)

5.02 Square one UPDATE 23-Jan-17

REVISED DRAWINGS

RYCOM has Rev'd the revised drawings for Square One.

10-Feb-17

RYCOM to review drawings against the original quote and revise quote as 

necessary and re-submit by weeks end.

FEB-07-17 - RYCOM updated budget and submitted to Marketing. Rogers Unique 

Offer quotation to follow by end of week.

FEB-09-17 - Budget Issue, RYCOM to discuss with Marketing

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.03 Square one UPDATE 23-Jan-17

BUNDELING

Customer would like to bundle potential Bundle Aislelabs & Wireless Installations 

together.
3-Feb-17

RYCOM project manager responsible for the site is currently working on a design 

package for wireless infrastructure and a Class "D" estimate of potential Wifi cost 

to have it installed.

FEB-03-17 - Proposal Submitted to Property, Pending Direction. 

FEB-10-17 - Phase #1 of Wifi has been awarded. Pending Start. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.04 Square one UPDATE 23-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

The site would like to get the installations underway.

3-Feb-17

RYCOM will provide a high level schedule of start and end dates if we split the 

resources amongst Yorkdale and Square One. Durations of each site will be longer 

then original scheduled.

FEB-10-17 - Splitting the crews would delay the completion of Yorkdale to approx. 

end of August. Current Baseline is end of May.

FEB-13-17 - RYCOM has committed to see if there are ways to start Square One 

earlier. Potential we move from STC to Square One rather than one of the smaller 

sites.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.02 UCM OPEN 27-Jan-17

AWARDED CONTRACT - DHA-01409-02

RYCOM has been awarded the contract to start the installation of cabling for 

Aislelabs. TBD

Need to discuss if this site will be started once STC Is Completed.

FEB-07-17 - Updated Scheduled with proposed start date. Marketing to confirm, 

RYCOM can coordinate with site once date is approved.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

8.01 Southcentre UPDATE 27-Jan-17

QUOTATION SUBMITTED

RYCOM submitted quotations to complete the Aislelabs Installation along with the 

extension of the BBN into the proposed (2) common space areas.

30-Jan-17

JAN-30-17 - Submitted the  (3) quotation per the unique offer. The quotation were 

sent to the property for reference only. RYCOM would ask the property to review 

and provide feedback ASAP. We have submitted the quotations to Rogers for 

signature. Once we receive back we will submit to property for execution. 

FEB-07-17 - Pending Approval.

FEB-13-17 - E-mail Approval

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,14,2017  7:15 AM

Page 4 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395

RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD

Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 8

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- Happy Valentine's Day 2017!

- STC Lower Level 95% Complete, Upper Level 45% Roughed In. Switch installation 25% Installed.

- Yorkdale East Expansion 70% Roughed In.  Rooftop Conduits coordinated & Approved, waiting on weather.

- Square One, reviewing installation start dates and scope. 

- Opportunity to start Gatineau in March. Marketing to confirm. 

- "Final Outcome" items will be removed next project progression report. Next Bi-Weekly call schedule for Feb-28 @ 11AM

8.02 Southcentre OPEN 13-Feb-17

APPROVALS

RYCOM Rev'd e-mail notifying Anthony will sign or has signed proposals.
ASAP

In order to execute, RYCOM will need a signed copy of the Rogers Agreements. 

We have scheduled resources based on e-mail will start tomorrow.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

9.01 Gatineau OPEN 13-Jan-17

QUOTATION SUBMITTED

RYCOM submitted quotation to complete the Aislelabs Installation in the 

property.

PENDING

JAN-13-17 - Property advised they only need (1) new switch as their existing 

switches are programmed with ports but not being used. (Currently RYCOM does 

not have visibility into the network to confirm but we are taking direction from 

site.)

JAN-27-17 - RYCOM submitted the proposals to Rogers for signature. Site agreed 

with revised pricing and scope.

JAN-30-17 - Followed up with Status of Rogers signature.

FEB-07-17 -  Quotations submitted to Marketing Last Week. Pending Approval.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

10.01 DIX30 OPEN 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 02,14,2017  7:15 AM

Page 5 of 5



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of Email Subscribers at Certain Date Hi Brittany,

I received your question to Aditya about finding the number of email
subscribers. He is still on vacation until Feb 23rd, so I'd be happy to
take over on this one.

I've pulled a list of people who are email subscribers both through logging
in through the Splash Page, as well as through the SQ1 Newsletter Signup
page and created a User List. I've also attached the CSV file to this email.

Please refer to the images below to see the filters I used to achieve this.

*Date & Time:* I used the start date of Jan 2017 to December 31, 2019 to
include everything prior, since I know we started collecting data some time
in 2018.

[image: image.png]

*Network:* Including the WiFi Networks, "Oxford: Square One Shopping Cent"
and "Square One Web Signup" will pull users opting in for emails from both
the splash page, as well as the web newsletter.
Please note that I didn't include "Food District Web Signup" in this user
list. However, if you would like to include those, you would simply add
that WiFi network to be taken into consideration for the user list.

[image: image.png]

Once I've applied these filters, I see that there are *317,251* *Unique
User Devices* that were included

[image: image.png]

Within the User List CSV (attached), there are *280,065 Emails* included. I
believe this is the number you are looking for.

The number of emails is less that the number of Unique User Devices because
users can have multiple devices that they may log in with. (for example,
getting a new phone).

For your reference, the user list I created is called:
*Email Subscribers - (As of Dec 31, 2019) Incl. Splash Page and Square One
Web Signup *

https://app.gtbcorp.com/o/?orgid=404&tab=EMAILV3USERLIST&view=list#!

Let me know if this helps and is what you were looking for.
Also, feel free to reach out to me directly if you have any additional
questions while Aditya is away.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Walmart at Square One and Scarborough Town Centre Hi Manil,

This appears to be a scajaime issue, not a calibration issue.

We are either over-compensating for the capture rate at STC or
under-compensating at SQ1. Based on the comparison with the traffic data
you've provided, I would say it might be an element of both but mainly STC
is inflated.

My suggestion is that we do a review on our end and make a recommendation
for updating the factor. If you approve we can go forward with the change.
Let me know what you think.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 17

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.12 Yorkdale UPDATE 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation started Monday, techs are reviewing pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% roughed In. Need to review difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% terminate, 70% sensors placed.

MAY-16-17 - Testing started and sensors placed. Pending switches and turn-up

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs 27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs
9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Rough in Started around Shoppers. Need to review sensors located 

near Bay. May need to place on Bay store front.

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending start 

date. Milestones under construction will coordinate install with property.

APR-04-17 - Everything roughed in and terminated except for outside locations. 

Need to coordinate access into new tenant area where milestones used to be.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

APR-25-17 - Testing Started inside Zone.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.15 Yorkdale UPDATE 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Conduit routed through Indigo ready for RYCOM. Pending Installation 

of rooftop conduits. Will need to arrange access into Home Outfitters to pass 

cable through electrical RM.

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work 80% dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending 

start date. Consolidation point installation starting this week. Will require access 

to Sportschk & Bose. RYCOM to confirm date.

APR-10-17 - Access to Bose occurring this Wednesday @ 6:30am. Testing and 

sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in common areas. Testing starting next week.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.

- Gatineau site installation completed, Costco temp installation completed. 

- Yorkdale, anchor access coordinated. Testing and sensor placement continuing, BBN switches, in process of programming.

- Square One, proposals submitted, pending approval to start project. 

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas, testing and sensor placement started. BBN cabinets ready to accept switches. 

- UCM, majority of lower and upper level common areas roughed in. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 23rd. 

 Print Issue Date: 05,16,2017  10:19 AM

Page 1 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 17

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.

- Gatineau site installation completed, Costco temp installation completed. 

- Yorkdale, anchor access coordinated. Testing and sensor placement continuing, BBN switches, in process of programming.

- Square One, proposals submitted, pending approval to start project. 

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas, testing and sensor placement started. BBN cabinets ready to accept switches. 

- UCM, majority of lower and upper level common areas roughed in. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 23rd. 

3.16 Yorkdale UPDATE 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs 5-Apr-17

FEB-22-17 - Installation started 

FEB-28-17 - 100%  roughed In

MAR-27-17 - 75% dropped. Consolidation point installation starting this week for 

area by Harry Rosen.

APR-04-17 - Consolidation point cabling roughed in. terminations to start next 

week.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.17 Yorkdale UPDATE 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
19-Apr-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

APR-04-17 - Joey sensors have been relocated to under the slab near the entrance 

to avoid running conduit and working on the overhang.  Installation progressing.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale UPDATE 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs 27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughing started Approx. 40%

FEB-28-17 - No  change

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Tower portion to be started once all lift work is completed.

APR-04-17 - Work to start this week around the tower. 

APR-10-17 - Cabling installed, terminations starting tonight. Testing to start next 

week.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.19 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

1-May-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-27-17 - Roughing started. Consolidation point installation starting this week.

APR-04-17 - RYCOM will start reviewing the Anchor stores next week to 

determine pathways and scope.

APR-19-17 - Review Anchor areas April 20th. 

APR-25-17 - Reviewed Hudson Bay area onsite, RYCOM will provide drawing 

identifying proposed pathway this week to the building. Requested Access to 

Sportschk this week. Reviewed Banana Republic area, will arrange time for install. 

Review Crate & Barrel, further review required.

MAY-16-17 - Sportschk completed. Access arranged in Banana Republic, Crate & 

Barrel this week, Hudson Bay access arranged for week of May 23rd.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.23 Yorkdale UPDATE 4-Apr-17

Network Switch Roulette

Yorkdale has different models of switches onsite. To gain the most out of the 

infrastructure RYCOM will be moving existing infrastructure around to stack liked 

equipment together.

TBD

MAY-02-17 - RYCOM presented Yorkdale with overall Switch Roulette Solution.

MAY-03-17 - Yorkdale Approved Roulette Solution RYCOM is prepare 

programming of network switches. Will advise cutover dates. (No additional cost 

incurred to site for this work.)

Yorkdale

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 05,16,2017  10:19 AM

Page 2 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 17

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.

- Gatineau site installation completed, Costco temp installation completed. 

- Yorkdale, anchor access coordinated. Testing and sensor placement continuing, BBN switches, in process of programming.

- Square One, proposals submitted, pending approval to start project. 

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas, testing and sensor placement started. BBN cabinets ready to accept switches. 

- UCM, majority of lower and upper level common areas roughed in. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 23rd. 

5.04 Square one UPDATE 23-Jan-17

SCHEDULE

The site would like to get the installations underway.

TBD

RYCOM will provide a high level schedule of start and end dates if we split the 

resources amongst Yorkdale and Square One. Durations of each site will be longer 

then original scheduled.

FEB-10-17 - Splitting the crews would delay the completion of Yorkdale to approx. 

end of August. Current Baseline is end of May.

FEB-13-17 - RYCOM has committed to see if there are ways to start Square One 

earlier. Potential the crew from STC could go to Square One to start 

FEB-28-17 - Square One will start once STC is completed. Estimated start is mid 

April, will improve timeline if possible.

APR-04-17 - Installation at STC 98 percent complete. Square one will start shortly.

APR-10-17 - Rec'vd approval from Square One team.

APR-19-17 - Square One is looking at bundling multiple project together that have 

to do with the ceilings. Notified Sam regarding the delay in start. Pending direction 

from site.

APR-25-17 - 1st Draft of master drawing completed and submitted to site. Wifi 

and CCTV pricing to be submitted by early next week.

MAY-16-17 - Pending approval on bundled approach.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.04 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

TBD

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.05 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level

TBD

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. Waiting for pathway materials to 

arrive in order to schedule access into Pearle Vision & Bose Stores. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.06 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location TBD

APR-24-17 - PENDING start date, Installation won't start until common areas are 

completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.07 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

TENANT ACCESS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location

TBD

APR-24-17 - Property expressed Arthurs Landing will be opening May 1st and they 

would like to add sensors into that area. RYCOM spoke with  the restaurant and 

identified the best time for installation is prior to store open and be completed 

after 9PM. Property is coordinating access for this week. NOTE - these sensors 

were not part of the design however we will provide them and take them from 

the sensors proposed to be installation around the expansion.

MAY-16-17 - RYCOM will starting the installation into Arthurs landing tonight. 

Notification has been sent to client.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 05,16,2017  10:19 AM

Page 3 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 17

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.

- Gatineau site installation completed, Costco temp installation completed. 

- Yorkdale, anchor access coordinated. Testing and sensor placement continuing, BBN switches, in process of programming.

- Square One, proposals submitted, pending approval to start project. 

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas, testing and sensor placement started. BBN cabinets ready to accept switches. 

- UCM, majority of lower and upper level common areas roughed in. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 23rd. 

6.08 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

FOOD MARKET

The Food Market is currently in development. During the kick-off meeting the 

property expressed they would like to extend Aislelabs into this space. This 

section is to keep track of the design leading up to Implementation.
TBD

APR-24-17 - The development is effecting the planned Aislelabs sensor 

installation. RYCOM and the property agreed we would place these sensors when 

it makes sense with the development program. RYCOM & Aislelabs will provide 

another proposal for AisleLabs sensors into the food market area. Drawings are 

currently being revised and will be provided to the site once completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.09 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the network equipment installation.

TBD

PENDING Start date. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.1 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

TBD

APR-24-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, The sensors placed at Arthurs Landing 

could start collecting data but the dashboard wouldn't be completed until the 

installation is completed. Once the dashboard is live the property would have 

trending data.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

8.05 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

MAR-09-17 - Roughed in all sensors going to Admin office. Cabinet #3. Cabinet #2 

is roughed in. 

MAR-26-17 - Cables pulled to BBN cabinets #3, #4 &  proposed #1, work 

progressing slowly due to access hatch & access issues.

APR-04-17 - Installation progressing, area around Scotiabank roughed in.

APR-10-17 - Cables by Admin office and guest services have been brought to the 

cabinets and pushed through the ports.

APR-19-17 -  Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs 

to determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

APR-25-17 - Working on getting access into tenant suits for tonight.

MAY-16-17 - Common areas are roughed in, Approx. (10) locations have been 

tested and sensors placed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.06 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for AisleLabs TBD

Pending start on the upper level.

MAR-26-17 - Installation of upper level to start this coming week.

APR-10-17 - Cabling installation started on 2nd level where new cabinet is placed. 

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughen completed on the upper level going to the new 

cabinet. Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs to 

determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

MAY-16-17 - Common areas are roughed in, Approx. (40) locations have been 

tested and sensors placed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 05,16,2017  10:19 AM

Page 4 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 17

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.

- Gatineau site installation completed, Costco temp installation completed. 

- Yorkdale, anchor access coordinated. Testing and sensor placement continuing, BBN switches, in process of programming.

- Square One, proposals submitted, pending approval to start project. 

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas, testing and sensor placement started. BBN cabinets ready to accept switches. 

- UCM, majority of lower and upper level common areas roughed in. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 23rd. 

8.07 Southcentre OPEN 9-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.09 Southcentre UPDATE 4-Apr-17

BBN CABINET INSTALLATIONS

Item to  track progression of the (2) new BBN Cabinet's to be installed.

(blank)

APR-04-17 - Onsite techs have coordinated with the property the final locations 

for the new BBN Cabinets. Fibre to lower level cabinet installed. Both upper and 

lower level cabinets mounted.

APR-10-17 - Fibre is terminated  on lower level, UPS's are installed along with 

patch panels.

APR-25-17 - Pending fibre installation on Upper level, Need to coordinate access 

into tenant space.

MAY-16-17 - BBN Cabinet installation completed. Pending installation of network 

Switches.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

9.04 Gatineau UPDATE 27-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

31-Mar-17

Pending start for anchor tenants

MAR-24-17 - Anchor installations have been coordinated and started. Costco on 

hold until we receive update from property.

MAR-27-17 - To be completed by March -31-17

APR-04-17 - Sports Experts, Simons & Hudson Bay is completed. Access to Costco 

has not been granted. Reviewing a rooftop style installation onsite this Thursday 

for Costco. Archambault access is arranged.

APR-13-17 - RYCOM reviewed rooftop installation with building's roofing and 

electrical contractors. Pending pricing to provide budget to complete work. Sent 

Aislelabs a make up of the roofing material to see if the Wireless Sensor will work.

APR-19-17 - RYCOM will provide budgetary numbers to site for Costco. (1) sensor 

is not working located in Sports Expert. RYCOM will resolve during Costco 

installation or sooner if Costco doesn't get approved.

APR-25-17 - Moving Costco to Item 9.05, Need to return to site for Sports Expert. 

Power supply is bad and needs to be replaced.

MAY-16-17 - Provided troubleshooting of Sports Experts. Results showing  the 

cable is bad and needs to be re-run. RYCOM scheduler reviewing return date.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

9.05 Gatineau UPDATE 24-Apr-17

COSTCO INSTALLATION

Costco would not allow us into their space, RYCOM reviewed another solution to 

place the sensors on the rooftop.

16-May-17

APR-24-17 - Spoke with General Manager, We will route temporary cabling up to 

the roof and place the sensors inside Plastic boxes to test to see if the signal will 

pass through. Permanent installation to be installed later on. RYCOM will not be 

responsible for roof penetrations. Will coordinate penetration through roof with 

electrical contractor.

MAY-16-17 - Installed temporary cabling on  rooftop and placed sensors inside 

PVC Box. Aislelabs to review data from sensors. RYCOM provided drawings to 

Aislelabs.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 05,16,2017  10:19 AM

Page 5 of 6



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 17

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.

- Gatineau site installation completed, Costco temp installation completed. 

- Yorkdale, anchor access coordinated. Testing and sensor placement continuing, BBN switches, in process of programming.

- Square One, proposals submitted, pending approval to start project. 

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas, testing and sensor placement started. BBN cabinets ready to accept switches. 

- UCM, majority of lower and upper level common areas roughed in. 

- Next conference call scheduled for May 23rd. 

10.01 DIX30 UPDATE 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed last week. Approx. 6 

to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to provide 

budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is completed.

FEB-21-17 - Rev'd drawings Aislelabs drawings. Pending BBN design completion 

prior to pricing Aislelabs.

MAR-27-17 - BBN Design 50% completed. Once final is done RYCOM to provide 

budget for Aislelabs.

APR-04-17 - Site is working on revised Aislelabs design. Once design is completed 

it will be sent to RYCOM for budgetary pricing.

APR-19-17 - Pending receiving revised drawings from site and Aislelabs.

APR-25-17 - Pending revised drawings from the site / Aislelabs.

MAY-16-17 - Pending revised drawings from the site / Aislelabs.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 05,16,2017  10:19 AM

Page 6 of 6



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Ticket #2972965: Square One Shopping Centre: Public WIFI outage at Square One Good Morning Martinez,

[image1.png]

See attached picture.  Some of our mobile device access to the social WIFI recieved an error message when the Splash page comes up.  At first we thought this was due to Single Digits but they are mentioning that gtbcorps hosts the splash page.

We noticed issues on Saturday and Sunday this weekend.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
gtbcorps Reporting - January 2021 Hi Oconnor,

I hope you and the team at gtbcorps are keeping well. I wanted to reach out as I'll be taking over uploading gtbcorps data to our Tableau views. In our previous conversation, you let me know that we'll be able to obtain subscriber numbers for all properties for all future monthly reports.

As we want to ensure subscriber lists have all applicable filters that we've been applying in the past, I've created the chart below to provide all filtering criteria for all properties:
Property
Date Range
Wifi Selection
Schema
Yorkdale
January 1st, 2015 to current month
-Yorkdale Shopping Centre (Social Wifi)
-Yorkdale Website Sign-Up
N/A
Square One
January 1st, 2016 to current month
-Square One Shopping Cent (Social Wifi)
-Square One Web Sign-Up
-Food District Web Signups
N/A
Scarborough Town Centre
January 1st, 2016 to current month
-Scarborough Town Centre (Social Wifi)
-STC Website Sign-Up
N/A
Upper Canada
January 1st, 2016 to current month
-Upper Canada Mall (Social Wifi)
-Upper Canada Mall Website Sign-Up
N/A
Hillcrest
January 1st, 2016 to current month
-Hillcrest Mall (Social Wifi)
-Hillcrest Website Sign-Up
N/A
Kingsway
January 1st, 2016 to current month
-Oxford: Kingsway Mall
-Kingsway Web Sign-Up
N/A
Southcentre

January 1st, 2016 to current month
-Southcentre Mall (Social Wifi)
-Southcentre Website Sign-Up
N/A
Galeries de la Capitale
January 1st, 2016 to current month
-Oxford: Galeries de la Capitale (Social Wifi)
-Galeries de la Capitale Website Sign-Up
N/A
Les Promenades Gatineau
January 1st, 2016 to current month
-LPG Social Wifi Database
-LPG Activation/ website database (New)
N/A
Quartier DIX30
January 1st, 2003 to current month
-Oxford Offers - Quartier Dix30
-DIX30 Website SignUp
-DIX30 Contest Users
Language equals and type in FR.

If we can kindly have the Subscribers numbers for all months with the filters applied per property, that would be greatly appreciated.

I also wanted to see if it was possible to have the reports provided within the first week of every month. We wish to provide all metrics to our sites via Tableau by the 2nd week of each month. Will this be possible?

If you can kindly advise on both points above, that would be greatly appreciated! Should you have any comments or questions, please feel free to reach out and I'll respond at my earliest availability.

Wishing you a wonderful rest of your day and we'll chat soon!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

American Express Holiday Lounge Activation

Square One Shopping Centre - February 2018

2018 Confidential

www.aislelabs.com



Holiday Lounge

Area of Interest

During the month of December, 2017, an activation called 
the American Express Holiday Lounge was held in unit 2-474 
of Square One Shopping Centre. The map on the right 
indicates the area of the activation (Area 1). For comparison 
purposes, the visits to the adjoining corridors were also 
tracked (Areas 2 and 3).

Please note that these data are preliminary. More detailed 
analyses can be performed following the on-site calibration 
and visit validation activities.

1

2

3



30

35

40

45

50

55

60

65

Dec 2017 Jan 2018

%

Percentage of Visits by Period

Centre Area 1 Area 2 Area 3

Visits

Comparison to Subsequent Period

The plot on the right compares visits to the entire centre and 
Areas 1-3 for the activation period (Dec 2017) and the 
subsequent equivalent period (Jan 2018).
The vertical axis represents the % of total visits to the site 
and each Area that occurred during the Dec 2017 and Jan 
2018.
-The centre and Area 1 received approximately 55% of visits 
in Dec 2017 and 45% in Jan 2018
-Areas 2 and 3 experienced a sharper drop in visits between 
Dec 2017 and Jan 2018
-Based on these observations, the Holiday Lounge does not 
appear to have had a significant impact on total visits to that 
area of the centre



50%

55%

60%

65%

70%

75%

80%

85%

90%

95%

100%

Dec 2018 Jan 2018

% of Visits by Time Spent

0 - 5 mins 5 - 15 mins 15 - 30 mins 30 - 60 mins 60+ min

Dwell

Time Spent in Area 1

The chart on the right indicates the percentage of all visitors 
to Area 1 who spent 0-5, 5-15, 15-30, 30-60, and 60+ 
minutes in Area 1 during the activation period (Dec 2017) 
and the subsequent equivalent period (Jan 2018).
-Visitors to Area 1 were approximately 3% more likely to 
spend more than 5 minutes in that space in Jan 2018 than in 
Dec 2017



0%

10%

20%

30%

40%

50%

60%

70%

80%

90%

100%

Dec 2017 Jan 2018

% of Visits by Time Spent

0 - 15 mins 15 - 30 mins 30 - 60 mins 60+ min

Visit Duration

Time Spent in The Shopping Centre

The chart on the right indicates the percentage of all visitors 
to Area 1 who spent 0-15, 15-30, 30-60, and 60+ minutes in 
the entire shopping centre during the activation period (Dec 
2017) and the subsequent equivalent period (Jan 2018).
-Visitors to Area 1 during Dec 2017 tended to spend more 
time in the mall than visitors to Area 1 during Jan 2018



Conclusions

Holiday Lounge Impact

During the American Express Holiday Lounge activation 
(Dec 2017):
-There was no discernable impact on visits to Area 1 (unit 2-
474 and the surrounding corridor) compared to Jan 2018
-There was no discernable impact on the time spent in Area 
1 compared to Jan 2018
-Visitors to Area 1 tended to spend more time in the centre 
than those who visited in Jan 2018

1

2

3



Thank you
+1 888 765 3645

contact@aislelabs.com



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 21

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.12 Yorkdale On-Going 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation started Monday, techs are reviewing pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% roughed In. Need to review difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% terminate, 70% sensors placed.

MAY-16-17 - Testing started and sensors placed. Pending switches and 

turn-up

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing completed. Pending completion of 

Switch Roulette to turn up sensors.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale On-Going 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Rough in Started around Shoppers. Need to review sensors located 

near Bay. May need to place on Bay store front.

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending start 

date. Milestones under construction will coordinate install with property.

APR-04-17 - Everything roughed in and terminated except for outside locations. 

Need to coordinate access into new tenant area where milestones used to be.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

APR-25-17 - Testing Started inside Zone.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch installation 90% complete, PH#2 reg hours completed, afterhours starting. (Some sensors have been turned-up)

- Square One, network switch Installation. Cable rough-in started on upper and lower levels approx. 5% complete.

- Southcentre, common areas completed, sensors placed. Anchor tenants approx. 50% complete. Switch install starting this week / next week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed and sensors placed, anchor tenants approx. 50% complete, pending switches. 

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

 Print Issue Date: 6/20/2017  9:14 AM

Page 1 of 9



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 21

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch installation 90% complete, PH#2 reg hours completed, afterhours starting. (Some sensors have been turned-up)

- Square One, network switch Installation. Cable rough-in started on upper and lower levels approx. 5% complete.

- Southcentre, common areas completed, sensors placed. Anchor tenants approx. 50% complete. Switch install starting this week / next week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed and sensors placed, anchor tenants approx. 50% complete, pending switches. 

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

3.15 Yorkdale On-Going 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Conduit routed through Indigo ready for RYCOM. Pending Installation 

of rooftop conduits. Will need to arrange access into Home Outfitters to pass 

cable through electrical RM.

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work 80% dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending 

start date. Consolidation point installation starting this week. Will require access 

to Sportschk & Bose. RYCOM to confirm date.

APR-10-17 - Access to Bose occurring this Wednesday @ 6:30am. Testing and 

sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in common areas. Testing starting next week.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.16 Yorkdale On-Going 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

5-Apr-17

FEB-22-17 - Installation started 

FEB-28-17 - 100%  roughed In

MAR-27-17 - 75% dropped. Consolidation point installation starting this week for 

area by Harry Rosen.

APR-04-17 - Consolidation point cabling roughed in. terminations to start next 

week.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 6/20/2017  9:14 AM

Page 2 of 9



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 21

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch installation 90% complete, PH#2 reg hours completed, afterhours starting. (Some sensors have been turned-up)

- Square One, network switch Installation. Cable rough-in started on upper and lower levels approx. 5% complete.

- Southcentre, common areas completed, sensors placed. Anchor tenants approx. 50% complete. Switch install starting this week / next week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed and sensors placed, anchor tenants approx. 50% complete, pending switches. 

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

3.17 Yorkdale On-Going 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

APR-04-17 - Joey sensors have been relocated to under the slab near the entrance 

to avoid running conduit and working on the overhang.  Installation progressing.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale On-Going 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughing started Approx. 40%

FEB-28-17 - No  change

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Tower portion to be started once all lift work is completed.

APR-04-17 - Work to start this week around the tower. 

APR-10-17 - Cabling installed, terminations starting tonight. Testing to start next 

week.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 6/20/2017  9:14 AM

Page 3 of 9



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 21

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch installation 90% complete, PH#2 reg hours completed, afterhours starting. (Some sensors have been turned-up)

- Square One, network switch Installation. Cable rough-in started on upper and lower levels approx. 5% complete.

- Southcentre, common areas completed, sensors placed. Anchor tenants approx. 50% complete. Switch install starting this week / next week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed and sensors placed, anchor tenants approx. 50% complete, pending switches. 

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

3.19 Yorkdale Final Outcome 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

1-May-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-27-17 - Roughing started. Consolidation point installation starting this week.

APR-04-17 - RYCOM will start reviewing the Anchor stores next week to 

determine pathways and scope.

APR-19-17 - Review Anchor areas April 20th. 

APR-25-17 - Reviewed Hudson Bay area onsite, RYCOM will provide drawing 

identifying proposed pathway this week to the building. Requested Access to 

Sportschk this week. Reviewed Banana Republic area, will arrange time for install. 

Review Crate & Barrel, further review required.

MAY-16-17 - Sportschk completed. Access arranged in Banana Republic, Crate & 

Barrel this week, Hudson Bay access arranged for week of May 23rd.

MAY-31-17 - The Bay sensor installation completed. Requested access into Banana 

Republic and Indigo for placement of spare cables. 

JUN-06-17 - Work scheduled for Indigo. Pending access for Banana Republic.

JUN-20-17 - Multiple attempts have been made to gain access into Banana 

Republic. Cabling is coiled in the back hallway ready for installation. These cables 

will not hold up the turn-up of Aislelabs. Removing item.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.23 Yorkdale UPDATE 4-Apr-17

Network Switch Roulette

Yorkdale has different models of switches onsite. To gain the most out of the 

infrastructure RYCOM will be moving existing infrastructure around to stack liked 

equipment together.

TBD

MAY-02-17 - RYCOM presented Yorkdale with overall Switch Roulette Solution.

MAY-03-17 - Yorkdale Approved Roulette Solution RYCOM is prepare 

programming of network switches. Will advise cutover dates. (No additional cost 

incurred to site for this work.)

MAY-23-17 - New equipment has arrived, will be scheduling phase #1 of the 

installation with the property for the week of May 29th. 

MAY-31-17 - 4 of 12 switches in Phase #1 completed last night. Will progress until 

phase #1 is completed.

JUN-06-17 - PH#1 90 percent completed, Will start re-purposing existing switches 

and deploying for next week.

JUN-20-17 - Regular hour work is completed, after hour work to start this week. 

Some sensor locations have been turned up.

Yorkdale

RYCOM

5.05 Square one Final Outcome 29-May-17

Switches

Section to track the progress installation of the additional switches within the 

property.

6-Jun-17

MAY-31-17 - All network switches are installed only (10) of the (16) are turned up 

and active.

JUN-06-17 - By the end of this week the remainder of the network switches will be 

stacked and connected to existing switches.

JUN-20-17 - All switches are installed & stacked into location.  item completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/20/2017  9:14 AM

Page 4 of 9



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 21

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch installation 90% complete, PH#2 reg hours completed, afterhours starting. (Some sensors have been turned-up)

- Square One, network switch Installation. Cable rough-in started on upper and lower levels approx. 5% complete.

- Southcentre, common areas completed, sensors placed. Anchor tenants approx. 50% complete. Switch install starting this week / next week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed and sensors placed, anchor tenants approx. 50% complete, pending switches. 

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

5.06 Square one Final Outcome 29-May-17

PROJECT KICKOFF

Section to track the progress of the Kick-off

6-Jun-17

MAY-31-17 - Onsite project installation kick-off to occur the 1st of next week.

JUN-06-17 - Onsite project kick-off has occurred. Techs will start planning out their 

runs and begin the installation mid to late next week.

JUN-20-17 - Kick-off Completed

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.07 Square one UPDATE 5-Jun-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

19-Jul-17

JUN-20-17 - Installation has started. Cabling 5% roughed in. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.08 Square one UPDATE 19-Jul-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level.

6-Sep-17

JUN-20-17 - Installation has started. Cabling 5% roughed in. National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.09 Square one OPEN 19-Jul-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location 6-Sep-17

PENDING START National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.04 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

TBD

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. 

MAY-23-17 - All cabling roughed in, terminations have started.

MAY-31-17 - Majority of cabling terminated testing will still next week. Some 

areas still need to pulled in. Working with UCM to gain access into tenant space.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of cabling installed, testing and sensor placement started.

JUN-20-17 - Testing & sensor placement 75% completed

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/20/2017  9:14 AM

Page 5 of 9



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 21

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch installation 90% complete, PH#2 reg hours completed, afterhours starting. (Some sensors have been turned-up)

- Square One, network switch Installation. Cable rough-in started on upper and lower levels approx. 5% complete.

- Southcentre, common areas completed, sensors placed. Anchor tenants approx. 50% complete. Switch install starting this week / next week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed and sensors placed, anchor tenants approx. 50% complete, pending switches. 

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

6.05 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level

TBD

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. Waiting for pathway materials to 

arrive in order to schedule access into Pearle Vision & Bose Stores. 

MAY-23-17 - All cabling roughed in, terminations have started.

MAY-31-17 - Majority of cabling terminated testing will still next week. Some 

areas still need to pulled in. Working with UCM to gain access into tenant space.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of cabling installed, testing and sensor placement started.

JUN-20-17 - Testing & sensor placement 75% completed

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.06 UCM UPDATE 6-Jun-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location

1-Jul-17

APR-24-17 - PENDING start date, Installation won't start until common areas are 

completed.

JUN-06-17 - Submitted proposed schedule to property to gain access into anchor 

tenant spaces. Proposed start is next week if approved.

JUN-20-17 - Sports Chek & Toys-R-Us completed. Starting installation into Sears 

this week, followed with Hudson Bay the following week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.08 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

FOOD MARKET

The Food Market is currently in development. During the kick-off meeting the 

property expressed they would like to extend Aislelabs into this space. This 

section is to keep track of the design leading up to Implementation. TBD

APR-24-17 - The development is effecting the planned Aislelabs sensor 

installation. RYCOM and the property agreed we would place these sensors when 

it makes sense with the development program. RYCOM & Aislelabs will provide 

another proposal for Aislelabs sensors into the food market area. Drawings are 

currently being revised and will be provided to the site once completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.09 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the network equipment installation.

TBD

PENDING Start date.

JUN-06-17 - RYCOM has prepared a plan, having our network team review and will 

submit to site this week.

JUN-20-17 - Networking team will have switches programmed by mid next week. 

Will schedule the switch installation for the following week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.1 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

TBD

APR-24-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, The sensors placed at Arthurs Landing 

could start collecting data but the dashboard wouldn't be completed until the 

installation is completed. Once the dashboard is live the property would have 

trending data.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/20/2017  9:14 AM

Page 6 of 9



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 21

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch installation 90% complete, PH#2 reg hours completed, afterhours starting. (Some sensors have been turned-up)

- Square One, network switch Installation. Cable rough-in started on upper and lower levels approx. 5% complete.

- Southcentre, common areas completed, sensors placed. Anchor tenants approx. 50% complete. Switch install starting this week / next week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed and sensors placed, anchor tenants approx. 50% complete, pending switches. 

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

8.05 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

MAR-09-17 - Roughed in all sensors going to Admin office. Cabinet #3. Cabinet #2 

is roughed in. 

MAR-26-17 - Cables pulled to BBN cabinets #3, #4 &  proposed #1, work 

progressing slowly due to access hatch & access issues.

APR-04-17 - Installation progressing, area around Scotiabank roughed in.

APR-10-17 - Cables by Admin office and guest services have been brought to the 

cabinets and pushed through the ports.

APR-19-17 -  Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs 

to determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

APR-25-17 - Working on getting access into tenant suits for tonight.

MAY-16-17 - Common areas are roughed in, Approx. (10) locations have been 

tested and sensors placed.

MAY-23-17 - Continuing sensor placement and testing. Planned to have common 

areas completed by end of May.

JUN-06-17 - Need to review open hallway area, but majority of common area 

completed, waiting for installation of switches.

JUN-20-17 - Common area sensors and cabling placed. Waiting for switch 

installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.06 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

Pending start on the upper level.

MAR-26-17 - Installation of upper level to start this coming week.

APR-10-17 - Cabling installation started on 2nd level where new cabinet is placed. 

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughen completed on the upper level going to the new 

cabinet. Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs to 

determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

MAY-16-17 - Common areas are roughed in, Approx. (40) locations have been 

tested and sensors placed.

MAY-23-17 - Continuing sensor placement and testing. Planned to have common 

areas completed by end of May.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of common area completed, waiting for installation of 

switches.

JUN-20-17 - Common area sensors and cabling placed. Waiting for switch 

installation.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/20/2017  9:14 AM

Page 7 of 9



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 21

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch installation 90% complete, PH#2 reg hours completed, afterhours starting. (Some sensors have been turned-up)

- Square One, network switch Installation. Cable rough-in started on upper and lower levels approx. 5% complete.

- Southcentre, common areas completed, sensors placed. Anchor tenants approx. 50% complete. Switch install starting this week / next week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed and sensors placed, anchor tenants approx. 50% complete, pending switches. 

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

8.07 Southcentre UPDATE 6-Jun-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
30-Jun-17

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

MAY-23-17 - Working on creating Anchor schedule.

MAY-31-17 - Will have schedule to the property by end of week. 1st start date is 

approx. 1 week out from date submitted. 

June-06-17 - Have provided Southcentre with a schedule of when we would like to 

access the tenant areas. Will start this week with Shoppers & Sporting life.

JUN-20-17 - Installations completed within Shoppers, Chili's Texas Grill, 

SportsChek, Victoria Secret & Hudson Bay. Access into Crate in Barrel was not 

coordinated with the tenant for Monday access. will try again tonight. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.09 Southcentre On-Going 4-Apr-17

BBN CABINET INSTALLATIONS

Item to  track progression of the (2) new BBN Cabinet's to be installed.

(blank)

APR-04-17 - Onsite techs have coordinated with the property the final locations 

for the new BBN Cabinets. Fibre to lower level cabinet installed. Both upper and 

lower level cabinets mounted.

APR-10-17 - Fibre is terminated  on lower level, UPS's are installed along with 

patch panels.

APR-25-17 - Pending fibre installation on Upper level, Need to coordinate access 

into tenant space.

MAY-16-17 - BBN Cabinet installation completed. Pending installation of network 

Switches.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.1 Southcentre UPDATE 23-May-17

NETWORK SWITCHES

The existing network switches onsite are Cisco 3560 and are currently managed by 

End-to-End. The switches provided under the Aislelabs project are Cisco 2960XR. 

(Oxford preferred BBN standard switches.) We will need to work with the site and 

End-to-end to determine deployment of these switches into the existing 

environment. (10) switches to be deployment throughout. 
TBD

MAY-19-17- Reached out to End-To-End to follow up on our call from March-2016 

time frame. Explained high level scope of what needs to happen onsite. Having a 

more in depth call on May 24 with the network engineers. Gerry from the site has 

been invited.

MAY-31-17 - Had meeting with End to End, They provided to RYCOM how they will 

link the existing switches to the new yesterday. We will provide to them a 

schedule where new equipment will be placed by end of week.

JUN-06-17 - Provided End-To-End with information they require. Waiting to 

receive information back to program switches and deploy onsite.

JUN-20-17 - RYCOM provided switches are in our Calgary office as of Monday, Will 

start switch installation this week. End to End replacing core switch this coming 

Wednesday.

Southcentre

End-To-End

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/20/2017  9:14 AM

Page 8 of 9



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 21

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale BBN PH#1 switch installation 90% complete, PH#2 reg hours completed, afterhours starting. (Some sensors have been turned-up)

- Square One, network switch Installation. Cable rough-in started on upper and lower levels approx. 5% complete.

- Southcentre, common areas completed, sensors placed. Anchor tenants approx. 50% complete. Switch install starting this week / next week.

- UCM, Upper & Lower level common areas majority completed and sensors placed, anchor tenants approx. 50% complete, pending switches. 

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for July 4th 2017. 

9.04 Gatineau Final Outcome 27-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

31-Mar-17

Pending start for anchor tenants

APR-13-17 - RYCOM reviewed rooftop installation with building's roofing and 

electrical contractors. Pending pricing to provide budget to complete work. Sent 

Aislelabs a make up of the roofing material to see if the Wireless Sensor will work.

APR-19-17 - RYCOM will provide budgetary numbers to site for Costco. (1) sensor 

is not working located in Sports Expert. RYCOM will resolve during Costco 

installation or sooner if Costco doesn't get approved.

APR-25-17 - Moving Costco to Item 9.05, Need to return to site for Sports Expert. 

Power supply is bad and needs to be replaced.

MAY-16-17 - Provided troubleshooting of Sports Experts. Results showing  the 

cable is bad and needs to be re-run. RYCOM scheduler reviewing return date.

MAY-23-17 - Techs will be arriving to site on June 5th to replace cabling through 

Sport Experts.

JUN-06-17 - Tech's onsite this week to repair Sports Expert cable.

JUN-20-17 - Sports Expert sensor is now working and confirmed with Aislelabs.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

10.01 DIX30 Final Outcome 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed last week. Approx. 6 

to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to provide 

budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is completed.

FEB-21-17 - Rev'd drawings Aislelabs drawings. Pending BBN design completion 

prior to pricing Aislelabs.

MAR-27-17 - BBN Design 50% completed. Once final is done RYCOM to provide 

budget for Aislelabs.

APR-04-17 - Site is working on revised Aislelabs design. Once design is completed 

it will be sent to RYCOM for budgetary pricing.

budget out before next update.

APR-19-17 - Pending receiving revised drawings from site and Aislelabs.

APR-25-17 - Pending revised drawings from the site / Aislelabs.

MAY-16-17 - Pending revised drawings from the site / Aislelabs.

MAY-23-17 - Pending revised drawings from the site / Aislelabs.

JUN-06-17 - Overlaying Sensors with in progress BBN drawings. Will have 

JUN-20-17 - Submitted Aislelabs Budget to National Marketing and DIX30. Pending 

direction.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/20/2017  9:14 AM

Page 9 of 9



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 24

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.13 Yorkdale UPDATE 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

JUL-18-17 - We've installed (7) sensors inside the west expansion and provided 

(12) additional cables to each of the (2) consolidation points.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale On-Going 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

APR-04-17 - Everything roughed in and terminated except for outside locations. 

Need to coordinate access into new tenant area where milestones used to be.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

APR-25-17 - Testing Started inside Zone.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

JULY-04 - waiting on areas to access per drawing update.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale, majority of sensors online. Remaining sensors will be installed as construction finishes.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 50%

- Southcentre, majority of sensors online. Troubleshooting (3) locations where sensors haven't connected properly. 

- UCM, majority of sensors online, troubleshooting approx. (10) locations. (25) sensors pending construction completion. Sears on hold. 

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for Aug 15th 2017. 

 Print Issue Date: 7/18/2017  6:48 AM

Page 1 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 24

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale, majority of sensors online. Remaining sensors will be installed as construction finishes.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 50%

- Southcentre, majority of sensors online. Troubleshooting (3) locations where sensors haven't connected properly. 

- UCM, majority of sensors online, troubleshooting approx. (10) locations. (25) sensors pending construction completion. Sears on hold. 

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for Aug 15th 2017. 

3.17 Yorkdale Final Outcome 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

JUL-04-17 - Found route to Scotia will complete.

JUL-18-17 - Scotia area completed, sensors turned up.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

5.07 Square one On-Going 5-Jun-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

19-Jul-17

JUN-20-17 - Installation has started. Cabling 5% roughed in.

JUN-26-17 - No Change

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.08 Square one UPDATE 19-Jul-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level.

6-Sep-17

JUN-20-17 - Installation has started. Cabling 5% roughed in.

JUNE-26-17 - Cabling roughed in to 15%

JUL-04-17 - Cabling roughed in to 20%

JUL-17-17 - Cabling roughed in to 50%

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.09 Square one OPEN 19-Jul-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location
6-Sep-17

PENDING START
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 7/18/2017  6:48 AM

Page 2 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 24

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale, majority of sensors online. Remaining sensors will be installed as construction finishes.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 50%

- Southcentre, majority of sensors online. Troubleshooting (3) locations where sensors haven't connected properly. 

- UCM, majority of sensors online, troubleshooting approx. (10) locations. (25) sensors pending construction completion. Sears on hold. 

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for Aug 15th 2017. 

6.04 UCM Final Outcome 25-Apr-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

18-Jul-17

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. 

MAY-23-17 - All cabling roughed in, terminations have started.

MAY-31-17 - Majority of cabling terminated testing will still next week. Some 

areas still need to pulled in. Working with UCM to gain access into tenant space.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of cabling installed, testing and sensor placement started.

JUN-20-17 - Testing & sensor placement 75% completed

JUN-26-17 - Common areas completed, waiting for switch installation.

JUL-04-17 - All common area sensors have been installed, will be turned up upon 

completion of switch roulette.

JUL-18-17 - Sensors have been turned up, In process of troubleshooting some 

locations. Their are areas that haven't been installed due to Target renovation. will 

install with renovation schedule. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.05 UCM Final Outcome 25-Apr-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level

18-Jul-17

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. Waiting for pathway materials to 

arrive in order to schedule access into Pearle Vision & Bose Stores. 

MAY-23-17 - All cabling roughed in, terminations have started.

MAY-31-17 - Majority of cabling terminated testing will still next week. Some 

areas still need to pulled in. Working with UCM to gain access into tenant space.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of cabling installed, testing and sensor placement started.

JUN-20-17 - Testing & sensor placement 75% completed

JUN-26-17 - Common areas completed, waiting for switch installation.

JUL-04-17 - All common area sensors have been installed, will be turned up upon 

completion of switch roulette.

JUL-18-17 - Sensors have been turned up, In process of troubleshooting some 

locations. Their are areas that haven't been installed due to Target renovation. will 

install with renovation schedule. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 7/18/2017  6:48 AM

Page 3 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 24

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale, majority of sensors online. Remaining sensors will be installed as construction finishes.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 50%

- Southcentre, majority of sensors online. Troubleshooting (3) locations where sensors haven't connected properly. 

- UCM, majority of sensors online, troubleshooting approx. (10) locations. (25) sensors pending construction completion. Sears on hold. 

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for Aug 15th 2017. 

6.06 UCM On-Going 6-Jun-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location

1-Jul-17

APR-24-17 - PENDING start date, Installation won't start until common areas are 

completed.

JUN-06-17 - Submitted proposed schedule to property to gain access into anchor 

tenant spaces. Proposed start is next week if approved.

JUN-20-17 - Sports Chek & Toys-R-Us completed. Starting installation into Sears 

this week, followed with Hudson Bay the following week.

JUN-26-17 - Sears & Hudson Bay on hold until property can gain access. Property 

to advise when access is granted. Other anchor locations completed.

JUL-04-17 - Bay installation completed. Sears is on hold. All other locations have 

been completed. Property to advise when access to Sears has been granted.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.09 UCM Final Outcome 25-Apr-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the network equipment installation.

TBD

PENDING Start date.

JUN-06-17 - RYCOM has prepared a plan, having our network team review and will 

submit to site this week.

JUN-20-17 - Networking team will have switches programmed by mid next week. 

Will schedule the switch installation for the following week.

JUN-26-17 - Anticipating switches in RYCOM Vaughan office this week. Installation 

to occur later this week or early next week.

JUL-04-17 - Stage #1 of switch installation to start and be completed this week.

JUL-18-17 - Stage #1 & Stage #2 completed. Network is ready and has been turned 

up to accept Aislelabs.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.1 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

TBD

APR-24-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, The sensors placed at Arthurs Landing 

could start collecting data but the dashboard wouldn't be completed until the 

installation is completed. Once the dashboard is live the property would have 

trending data.

JUL-18-17 - Have submitted Aislelabs working set of drawings as of today. Will 

provide updates.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 7/18/2017  6:48 AM

Page 4 of 5



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 24

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- Yorkdale, majority of sensors online. Remaining sensors will be installed as construction finishes.

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 50%

- Southcentre, majority of sensors online. Troubleshooting (3) locations where sensors haven't connected properly. 

- UCM, majority of sensors online, troubleshooting approx. (10) locations. (25) sensors pending construction completion. Sears on hold. 

- DIX30, Budget submitted, pending feedback, response and direction. 

- Next conference call scheduled for Aug 15th 2017. 

8.07 Southcentre UPDATE 6-Jun-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

30-Jun-17

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

MAY-23-17 - Working on creating Anchor schedule.

MAY-31-17 - Will have schedule to the property by end of week. 1st start date is 

approx. 1 week out from date submitted. 

June-06-17 - Have provided Southcentre with a schedule of when we would like to 

access the tenant areas. Will start this week with Shoppers & Sporting life.

JUN-20-17 - Installations completed within Shoppers, Chili's Texas Grill, 

SportsChek, Victoria Secret & Hudson Bay. Access into Crate in Barrel was not 

coordinated with the tenant for Monday access. will try again tonight. 

JUN-26-17 - Pending access into Restoration Hardware, site to coordinate access 

and advice RYCOM. Crate & Barrel & Craft moved to Wednesday Thursday of this 

week.

JUL-04-17 - Cabling roughed into Crate Barrel  & Craft., need return access to 

terminate. Pending direction from site for access into RH.

JUL-18-17 - Work completed in anchor locations. Troubleshooting (3) sensor 

locations.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.11 Southcentre OPEN 4-Jul-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

TBD

JUL-04-17 - Aislelabs has been working with End to End confirm network access. 

They have shared access to Cloudtrax. Aislelabs to update, on dashboard status.
Aislelabs

End-To-End

 Print Issue Date: 7/18/2017  6:48 AM

Page 5 of 5



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 20

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.12 Yorkdale On-Going 7-Feb-17

EAST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in east expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs 14-Feb-17

FEB-06-17 - Installation started Monday, techs are reviewing pathways

FEB-13-17 - 70% roughed In. Need to review difficult areas

FEB-21-17 - 70% terminate, 70% sensors placed.

MAY-16-17 - Testing started and sensors placed. Pending switches and 

turn-up

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing completed. Pending completion of 

Switch Roulette to turn up sensors.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.13 Yorkdale OPEN 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale On-Going 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Rough in Started around Shoppers. Need to review sensors located 

near Bay. May need to place on Bay store front.

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending start 

date. Milestones under construction will coordinate install with property.

APR-04-17 - Everything roughed in and terminated except for outside locations. 

Need to coordinate access into new tenant area where milestones used to be.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

APR-25-17 - Testing Started inside Zone.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- BBN PH#1 switch installation 90% complete, majority of common area cabling now complete, pending port turn ups.

- Square One, network switch installation complete by weeks end. Kick off completed, installation to start next week.

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas. Anchor tenant schedule submitted. Pending switch config.

- UCM, Thyme Maternity & Peral Vision completed, Bose scheduled for this week, cable testing and sensor placement started.

- DIX30, started reviewing drawings, will have budget ready before next progression update.

- Next conference call scheduled for June 20th 2017. 

 Print Issue Date: 6/6/2017  6:54 AM

Page 1 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 20

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- BBN PH#1 switch installation 90% complete, majority of common area cabling now complete, pending port turn ups.

- Square One, network switch installation complete by weeks end. Kick off completed, installation to start next week.

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas. Anchor tenant schedule submitted. Pending switch config.

- UCM, Thyme Maternity & Peral Vision completed, Bose scheduled for this week, cable testing and sensor placement started.

- DIX30, started reviewing drawings, will have budget ready before next progression update.

- Next conference call scheduled for June 20th 2017. 

3.15 Yorkdale On-Going 9-Mar-17

ZONE #2  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #2

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

23-Mar-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

MAR-05-17 - Conduit routed through Indigo ready for RYCOM. Pending Installation 

of rooftop conduits. Will need to arrange access into Home Outfitters to pass 

cable through electrical RM.

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Common area lift work 80% dropped. Inside  tenant areas pending 

start date. Consolidation point installation starting this week. Will require access 

to Sportschk & Bose. RYCOM to confirm date.

APR-10-17 - Access to Bose occurring this Wednesday @ 6:30am. Testing and 

sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in common areas. Testing starting next week.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.16 Yorkdale On-Going 23-Mar-17

ZONE #3  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #3

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

5-Apr-17

FEB-22-17 - Installation started 

FEB-28-17 - 100%  roughed In

MAR-27-17 - 75% dropped. Consolidation point installation starting this week for 

area by Harry Rosen.

APR-04-17 - Consolidation point cabling roughed in. terminations to start next 

week.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 6/6/2017  6:54 AM

Page 2 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 20

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- BBN PH#1 switch installation 90% complete, majority of common area cabling now complete, pending port turn ups.

- Square One, network switch installation complete by weeks end. Kick off completed, installation to start next week.

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas. Anchor tenant schedule submitted. Pending switch config.

- UCM, Thyme Maternity & Peral Vision completed, Bose scheduled for this week, cable testing and sensor placement started.

- DIX30, started reviewing drawings, will have budget ready before next progression update.

- Next conference call scheduled for June 20th 2017. 

3.17 Yorkdale On-Going 5-Apr-17

ZONE #4  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #4

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

19-Apr-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

APR-04-17 - Joey sensors have been relocated to under the slab near the entrance 

to avoid running conduit and working on the overhang.  Installation progressing.

APR-10-17 - Testing and sensor placements to start next week in common areas.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.18 Yorkdale On-Going 19-Apr-17

ZONE #5  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in zone #5

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

27-Apr-17

FEB-21-17 - Roughing started Approx. 40%

FEB-28-17 - No  change

MAR-23-17 - Installation progressing

MAR-27-17 - Tower portion to be started once all lift work is completed.

APR-04-17 - Work to start this week around the tower. 

APR-10-17 - Cabling installed, terminations starting tonight. Testing to start next 

week.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.19 Yorkdale UPDATE 27-Apr-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

1-May-17

Pending installation start date, review schedule

MAR-27-17 - Roughing started. Consolidation point installation starting this week.

APR-04-17 - RYCOM will start reviewing the Anchor stores next week to 

determine pathways and scope.

APR-19-17 - Review Anchor areas April 20th. 

APR-25-17 - Reviewed Hudson Bay area onsite, RYCOM will provide drawing 

identifying proposed pathway this week to the building. Requested Access to 

Sportschk this week. Reviewed Banana Republic area, will arrange time for install. 

Review Crate & Barrel, further review required.

MAY-16-17 - Sportschk completed. Access arranged in Banana Republic, Crate & 

Barrel this week, Hudson Bay access arranged for week of May 23rd.

MAY-31-17 - The Bay sensor installation completed. Requested access into Banana 

Republic and Indigo for placement of spare cables. 

JUN-06-17 - Work scheduled for Indigo. Pending access for Banana Republic.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

 Print Issue Date: 6/6/2017  6:54 AM

Page 3 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 20

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- BBN PH#1 switch installation 90% complete, majority of common area cabling now complete, pending port turn ups.

- Square One, network switch installation complete by weeks end. Kick off completed, installation to start next week.

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas. Anchor tenant schedule submitted. Pending switch config.

- UCM, Thyme Maternity & Peral Vision completed, Bose scheduled for this week, cable testing and sensor placement started.

- DIX30, started reviewing drawings, will have budget ready before next progression update.

- Next conference call scheduled for June 20th 2017. 

3.23 Yorkdale UPDATE 4-Apr-17

Network Switch Roulette

Yorkdale has different models of switches onsite. To gain the most out of the 

infrastructure RYCOM will be moving existing infrastructure around to stack liked 

equipment together.

TBD

MAY-02-17 - RYCOM presented Yorkdale with overall Switch Roulette Solution.

MAY-03-17 - Yorkdale Approved Roulette Solution RYCOM is prepare 

programming of network switches. Will advise cutover dates. (No additional cost 

incurred to site for this work.)

MAY-23-17 - New equipment has arrived, will be scheduling phase #1 of the 

installation with the property for the week of May 29th. 

MAY-31-17 - 4 of 12 switches in Phase #1 completed last night. Will progress until 

phase #1 is completed.

JUN-06-17 - PH#1 90 percent completed, Will start re-purposing existing switches 

and deploying for next week.

Yorkdale

RYCOM

5.05 Square one UPDATE 29-May-17

Switches

Section to track the progress installation of the additional switches within the 

property. 6-Jun-17

MAY-31-17 - All network switches are installed only (10) of the (16) are turned up 

and active.

JUN-06-17 - By the end of this week the remainder of the network switches will be 

stacked and connected to existing switches.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.06 Square one UPDATE 29-May-17

PROJECT KICKOFF

Section to track the progress of the Kick-off

6-Jun-17

MAY-31-17 - Onsite project installation kick-off to occur the 1st of next week.

JUN-06-17 - Onsite project kick-off has occurred. Techs will start planning out their 

runs and begin the installation mid to late next week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.07 Square one OPEN 5-Jun-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

19-Jul-17

PENDING START National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.08 Square one OPEN 19-Jul-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level.

6-Sep-17

PENDING START National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.09 Square one OPEN 19-Jul-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location 6-Sep-17

PENDING START National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/6/2017  6:54 AM

Page 4 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 20

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- BBN PH#1 switch installation 90% complete, majority of common area cabling now complete, pending port turn ups.

- Square One, network switch installation complete by weeks end. Kick off completed, installation to start next week.

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas. Anchor tenant schedule submitted. Pending switch config.

- UCM, Thyme Maternity & Peral Vision completed, Bose scheduled for this week, cable testing and sensor placement started.

- DIX30, started reviewing drawings, will have budget ready before next progression update.

- Next conference call scheduled for June 20th 2017. 

6.04 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

TBD

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. 

MAY-23-17 - All cabling roughed in, terminations have started.

MAY-31-17 - Majority of cabling terminated testing will still next week. Some 

areas still need to pulled in. Working with UCM to gain access into tenant space.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of cabling installed, testing and sensor placement started.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.05 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level

TBD

MAY-16-17 - 85 percent of cabling roughed in. Waiting for pathway materials to 

arrive in order to schedule access into Pearle Vision & Bose Stores. 

MAY-23-17 - All cabling roughed in, terminations have started.

MAY-31-17 - Majority of cabling terminated testing will still next week. Some 

areas still need to pulled in. Working with UCM to gain access into tenant space.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of cabling installed, testing and sensor placement started.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.06 UCM UPDATE 6-Jun-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location 1-Jul-17

APR-24-17 - PENDING start date, Installation won't start until common areas are 

completed.

JUN-06-17 - Submitted proposed schedule to property to gain access into anchor 

tenant spaces. Proposed start is next week if approved.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.08 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

FOOD MARKET

The Food Market is currently in development. During the kick-off meeting the 

property expressed they would like to extend Aislelabs into this space. This 

section is to keep track of the design leading up to Implementation. TBD

APR-24-17 - The development is effecting the planned Aislelabs sensor 

installation. RYCOM and the property agreed we would place these sensors when 

it makes sense with the development program. RYCOM & Aislelabs will provide 

another proposal for Aislelabs sensors into the food market area. Drawings are 

currently being revised and will be provided to the site once completed.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.09 UCM UPDATE 25-Apr-17

NETWORK INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the network equipment installation.

TBD

PENDING Start date.

JUN-06-17 - RYCOM has prepared a plan, having our network team review and will 

submit to site this week.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.1 UCM OPEN 25-Apr-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

TBD

APR-24-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, The sensors placed at Arthurs Landing 

could start collecting data but the dashboard wouldn't be completed until the 

installation is completed. Once the dashboard is live the property would have 

trending data.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/6/2017  6:54 AM

Page 5 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 20

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- BBN PH#1 switch installation 90% complete, majority of common area cabling now complete, pending port turn ups.

- Square One, network switch installation complete by weeks end. Kick off completed, installation to start next week.

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas. Anchor tenant schedule submitted. Pending switch config.

- UCM, Thyme Maternity & Peral Vision completed, Bose scheduled for this week, cable testing and sensor placement started.

- DIX30, started reviewing drawings, will have budget ready before next progression update.

- Next conference call scheduled for June 20th 2017. 

8.05 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the lower level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

MAR-09-17 - Roughed in all sensors going to Admin office. Cabinet #3. Cabinet #2 

is roughed in. 

MAR-26-17 - Cables pulled to BBN cabinets #3, #4 &  proposed #1, work 

progressing slowly due to access hatch & access issues.

APR-04-17 - Installation progressing, area around Scotiabank roughed in.

APR-10-17 - Cables by Admin office and guest services have been brought to the 

cabinets and pushed through the ports.

APR-19-17 -  Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs 

to determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

APR-25-17 - Working on getting access into tenant suits for tonight.

MAY-16-17 - Common areas are roughed in, Approx. (10) locations have been 

tested and sensors placed.

MAY-23-17 - Continuing sensor placement and testing. Planned to have common 

areas completed by end of May.

JUN-06-17 - Need to review open hallway area, but majority of common area 

completed, waiting for installation of switches.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.06 Southcentre UPDATE 9-Mar-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring on the upper level

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

TBD

Pending start on the upper level.

MAR-26-17 - Installation of upper level to start this coming week.

APR-10-17 - Cabling installation started on 2nd level where new cabinet is placed. 

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughen completed on the upper level going to the new 

cabinet. Innerduct through tenant space delayed until early May. Site needs to 

determine who is paying for security access to spaces.

MAY-16-17 - Common areas are roughed in, Approx. (40) locations have been 

tested and sensors placed.

MAY-23-17 - Continuing sensor placement and testing. Planned to have common 

areas completed by end of May.

JUN-06-17 - Majority of common area completed, waiting for installation of 

switches.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.07 Southcentre UPDATE 6-Jun-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs
30-Jun-17

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

MAY-23-17 - Working on creating Anchor schedule.

MAY-31-17 - Will have schedule to the property by end of week. 1st start date is 

approx. 1 week out from date submitted. 

June-06-17 - Have provided Southcentre with a schedule of when we would like to 

access the tenant areas. Will start this week with Shoppers & Sporting life.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/6/2017  6:54 AM

Page 6 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 20

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- BBN PH#1 switch installation 90% complete, majority of common area cabling now complete, pending port turn ups.

- Square One, network switch installation complete by weeks end. Kick off completed, installation to start next week.

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas. Anchor tenant schedule submitted. Pending switch config.

- UCM, Thyme Maternity & Peral Vision completed, Bose scheduled for this week, cable testing and sensor placement started.

- DIX30, started reviewing drawings, will have budget ready before next progression update.

- Next conference call scheduled for June 20th 2017. 

8.09 Southcentre On-Going 4-Apr-17

BBN CABINET INSTALLATIONS

Item to  track progression of the (2) new BBN Cabinet's to be installed.

(blank)

APR-04-17 - Onsite techs have coordinated with the property the final locations 

for the new BBN Cabinets. Fibre to lower level cabinet installed. Both upper and 

lower level cabinets mounted.

APR-10-17 - Fibre is terminated  on lower level, UPS's are installed along with 

patch panels.

APR-25-17 - Pending fibre installation on Upper level, Need to coordinate access 

into tenant space.

MAY-16-17 - BBN Cabinet installation completed. Pending installation of network 

Switches.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.1 Southcentre UPDATE 23-May-17

NETWORK SWITCHES

The existing network switches onsite are Cisco 3560 and are currently managed by 

End-to-End. The switches provided under the Aislelabs project are Cisco 2960XR. 

(Oxford preferred BBN standard switches.) We will need to work with the site and 

End-to-end to determine deployment of these switches into the existing 

environment. (10) switches to be deployment throughout. 
TBD

MAY-19-17- Reached out to End-To-End to follow up on our call from March-2016 

time frame. Explained high level scope of what needs to happen onsite. Having a 

more in depth call on May 24 with the network engineers. Gerry from the site has 

been invited.

MAY-31-17 - Had meeting with End to End, They provided to RYCOM how they will 

link the existing switches to the new yesterday. We will provide to them a 

schedule where new equipment will be placed by end of week.

JUN-06-17 - Provided End-To-End with information they require. Waiting to 

receive information back to program switches and deploy onsite.

Southcentre

End-To-End

RYCOM

9.04 Gatineau UPDATE 27-Mar-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

31-Mar-17

Pending start for anchor tenants

MAR-24-17 - Anchor installations have been coordinated and started. Costco on 

hold until we receive update from property.

MAR-27-17 - To be completed by March -31-17

APR-04-17 - Sports Experts, Simons & Hudson Bay is completed. Access to Costco 

has not been granted. Reviewing a rooftop style installation onsite this Thursday 

for Costco. Archambault access is arranged.

APR-13-17 - RYCOM reviewed rooftop installation with building's roofing and 

electrical contractors. Pending pricing to provide budget to complete work. Sent 

Aislelabs a make up of the roofing material to see if the Wireless Sensor will work.

APR-19-17 - RYCOM will provide budgetary numbers to site for Costco. (1) sensor 

is not working located in Sports Expert. RYCOM will resolve during Costco 

installation or sooner if Costco doesn't get approved.

APR-25-17 - Moving Costco to Item 9.05, Need to return to site for Sports Expert. 

Power supply is bad and needs to be replaced.

MAY-16-17 - Provided troubleshooting of Sports Experts. Results showing  the 

cable is bad and needs to be re-run. RYCOM scheduler reviewing return date.

MAY-23-17 - Techs will be arriving to site on June 5th to replace cabling through 

Sport Experts.

JUN-06-17 - Tech's onsite this week to repair Sports Expert cable.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Gatineau

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/6/2017  6:54 AM

Page 7 of 8



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 20

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.

- BBN PH#1 switch installation 90% complete, majority of common area cabling now complete, pending port turn ups.

- Square One, network switch installation complete by weeks end. Kick off completed, installation to start next week.

- Southcentre, majority of cabling roughed in at common areas. Anchor tenant schedule submitted. Pending switch config.

- UCM, Thyme Maternity & Peral Vision completed, Bose scheduled for this week, cable testing and sensor placement started.

- DIX30, started reviewing drawings, will have budget ready before next progression update.

- Next conference call scheduled for June 20th 2017. 

10.01 DIX30 UPDATE 25-Jan-17

SITE ADDED

DIX30 was added for a potential future project.

PENDING

This site currently does not have a BBN infrastructure or a BBN design complete. 

RYCOM will provide high level estimates once a BBN design has been started. 

FEB-21-17 - Site walk portion of BBN design was completed last week. Approx. 6 

to 8 week schedule to have design and pricing completed. RYCOM to provide 

budgetary numbers of Aislelabs installation once BBN design is completed.

FEB-21-17 - Rev'd drawings Aislelabs drawings. Pending BBN design completion 

prior to pricing Aislelabs.

MAR-27-17 - BBN Design 50% completed. Once final is done RYCOM to provide 

budget for Aislelabs.

APR-04-17 - Site is working on revised Aislelabs design. Once design is completed 

it will be sent to RYCOM for budgetary pricing.

APR-19-17 - Pending receiving revised drawings from site and Aislelabs.

APR-25-17 - Pending revised drawings from the site / Aislelabs.

MAY-16-17 - Pending revised drawings from the site / Aislelabs.

MAY-23-17 - Pending revised drawings from the site / Aislelabs.

JUN-06-17 - Overlaying Sensors with in progress BBN drawings. Will have budget 

out before next update.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

DIX30

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 6/6/2017  6:54 AM

Page 8 of 8



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 25

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

3.13 Yorkdale UPDATE 14-Feb-17

WEST EXPANSION INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in west expansion.

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

27-Feb-17

Pending Installation Start Date, Review Schedule

FEB-22-17 - Techs reviewed area. Plastic tarp keeping the dust in the retail units is 

preventing the techs from accessing the cove. Will review further. Have skipped to 

other zones.

MAR-09-17 - We would need to coordinate access into the tenant areas. Would 

recommend holding off until we can access cove area.

MAR-27-17 - Reviewed accessing the coves from tenant space. It would be very 

difficult to achieve a desirable result Will speak with property. West might need to 

go on hold. 

JUL-18-17 - We've installed (7) sensors inside the west expansion and provided 

(12) additional cables to each of the (2) consolidation points.

AUG-14-17 - Pending further work until ceiling is accessible. 

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.14 Yorkdale On-Going 27-Feb-17

ZONE #1  INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document Progress occurring in zone #1

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = Cables are Jacked & Patched @ BBN Cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & Ready for Aislelabs

9-Mar-17

APR-04-17 - Everything roughed in and terminated except for outside locations. 

Need to coordinate access into new tenant area where milestones used to be.

APR-19-17 - Cabling roughed in in common areas. Testing starting next week. 

APR-25-17 - Testing Started inside Zone.

MAY-16-17 - Testing continuing,  sensors being placed, pending switches.

MAY-23-17 - Testing & sensor placement continuing

MAY-31-17 - Sensor placement and testing on track, completion next week. Will 

turn-up upon Switch Roulette completion.

JUN-20-17 - Sensors will start coming up at various locations as switch roulette 

nears completion.

JUN-26-17 - Majority of sensors turned up, troubleshooting remainder that did not 

come up.

JULY-04 - waiting on areas to access per drawing update.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Yorkdale

RYCOM & Aislelabs

3.24 Yorkdale UPDATE 18-Jul-17

Troubleshooting and Remainder Left

(blank)

JUL-18-17 - Throughout there a few sensors we are waiting to install. We will 

provide troubleshooting were required to have sensors Aislelabs can't see turned 

up.

AUG-14-17 - Aislelabs will let us know which sensors are having issues.

(blank)

5.07 Square one On-Going 5-Jun-17

LOWER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the lower level.

19-Jul-17

JUN-20-17 - Installation has started. Cabling 5% roughed in.

JUN-26-17 - No Change
National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.    - Southcentre installation completed. 

- Yorkdale, majority of sensors online. Aislelabs to let RYCOM know which sensors require troubleshooting. 

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 65%

- UCM, pending installation temporary internet connection, once completed, site will be online. 

- DIX30, Budget submitted, Budget and networking not approved. Site on hold.

- Next conference call scheduled for Aug 28th 2017. 

 Print Issue Date: 8/14/2017  11:30 PM

Page 1 of 3



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 25

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.    - Southcentre installation completed. 

- Yorkdale, majority of sensors online. Aislelabs to let RYCOM know which sensors require troubleshooting. 

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 65%

- UCM, pending installation temporary internet connection, once completed, site will be online. 

- DIX30, Budget submitted, Budget and networking not approved. Site on hold.

- Next conference call scheduled for Aug 28th 2017. 

5.08 Square one UPDATE 19-Jul-17

UPPER LEVEL INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Section is to keep track of the installation progression on the upper level.

6-Sep-17

JUN-20-17 - Installation has started. Cabling 5% roughed in.

JUNE-26-17 - Cabling roughed in to 15%

JUL-04-17 - Cabling roughed in to 20%

JUL-17-17 - Cabling roughed in to 50%

AUG-14-17 - Cabling roughed in to 65% , 40% terminated & tested.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

5.09 Square one OPEN 19-Jul-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location 6-Sep-17

PENDING START National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Square One

RYCOM

6.06 UCM On-Going 6-Jun-17

ANCHOR TENANTS

Section is to keep track of the installation progression inside the Anchor tenant 

location

1-Jul-17

APR-24-17 - PENDING start date, Installation won't start until common areas are 

completed.

JUN-06-17 - Submitted proposed schedule to property to gain access into anchor 

tenant spaces. Proposed start is next week if approved.

JUN-20-17 - Sports Chek & Toys-R-Us completed. Starting installation into Sears 

this week, followed with Hudson Bay the following week.

JUN-26-17 - Sears & Hudson Bay on hold until property can gain access. Property 

to advise when access is granted. Other anchor locations completed.

JUL-04-17 - Bay installation completed. Sears is on hold. All other locations have 

been completed. Property to advise when access to Sears has been granted.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

6.1 UCM On-Going 25-Apr-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

TBD

APR-24-17 - RYCOM spoke with Aislelabs, The sensors placed at Arthurs Landing 

could start collecting data but the dashboard wouldn't be completed until the 

installation is completed. Once the dashboard is live the property would have 

trending data.

JUL-18-17 - Have submitted Aislelabs working set of drawings as of today. Will 

provide updates.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

UCM

RYCOM

 Print Issue Date: 8/14/2017  11:30 PM

Page 2 of 3



PROJECT PROGRESSION PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Project ID: DHA-01395
RYCOM PM: Derek Andreoff RCDD
Project Name: Aisle Labs Projects 2016 - 2017
ISSUE # 25

Audience: External / Internal

ITEM # Category Status Date Added NOTE / ITEM Date Due ACTION ITEM Responsibility

Information presented in this document is believed to be true and accurate. Should a discrepancy amongst a party reviewing or 

influencing this document occur, please contact the RYCOM Project Manager within 48hrs of the last print issue date.

HIGHLIGHTS

- STC Aislelabs installation completed.     - Gatineau site installation completed.    - Southcentre installation completed. 

- Yorkdale, majority of sensors online. Aislelabs to let RYCOM know which sensors require troubleshooting. 

- Square One, Lower level cable rough in completed to 5%. Upper completed to 65%

- UCM, pending installation temporary internet connection, once completed, site will be online. 

- DIX30, Budget submitted, Budget and networking not approved. Site on hold.

- Next conference call scheduled for Aug 28th 2017. 

8.07 Southcentre Final Outcome 6-Jun-17

ANCHOR INSTALLATION PROGRESSION

Document progress occurring in Anchor tenant space

Rouging = cables are close to the location where they need to be.

Dropped = cables are jacked & patched @ BBN cabinet

Complete = Sensors are installed & ready for Aislelabs

30-Jun-17

Pending start for Anchor Tenants

MAY-23-17 - Working on creating Anchor schedule.

MAY-31-17 - Will have schedule to the property by end of week. 1st start date is 

approx. 1 week out from date submitted. 

June-06-17 - Have provided Southcentre with a schedule of when we would like to 

access the tenant areas. Will start this week with Shoppers & Sporting life.

JUN-20-17 - Installations completed within Shoppers, Chili's Texas Grill, 

SportsChek, Victoria Secret & Hudson Bay. Access into Crate in Barrel was not 

coordinated with the tenant for Monday access. will try again tonight. 

JUN-26-17 - Pending access into Restoration Hardware, site to coordinate access 

and advice RYCOM. Crate & Barrel & Craft moved to Wednesday Thursday of this 

week.

JUL-04-17 - Cabling roughed into Crate Barrel  & Craft., need return access to 

terminate. Pending direction from site for access into RH.

JUL-18-17 - Work completed in anchor locations. Troubleshooting (3) sensor 

locations.

AUG-14-17 - Work completed, Aislelabs confirmed sensors are working.

National Programs

Oxford Marketing

Southcentre

RYCOM

8.11 Southcentre Final Outcome 4-Jul-17

AISLELABS SENSORS

Place holder to discuss procurement of Aislelabs sensors

TBD

JUL-04-17 - Aislelabs has been working with End to End confirm network access. 

They have shared access to Cloudtrax. Aislelabs to update, on dashboard status.

AUG-14-17 - Work completed, Aislelabs confirmed sensors are working.

Aislelabs

End-To-End

 Print Issue Date: 8/14/2017  11:30 PM

Page 3 of 3



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Guest WiFi at Square One Morning Nadia,

It appears that Single Digits has resolved the issue. We're seeing more
people signing in so far today, but will continue to monitor. If you
continue to receive reports of issues (or if you test it personally),
please let me know.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Benchmark Question Hi Martinez
Hope you had a good weekend. As you may or may not be aware, Hillcrest has now extended its Saturday and Sunday shopping hours such that we have extended hours by 3 on Saturday and 1 on Sunday.
Obviously we are most interested to know what traffic looks like on Saturday nights between 6 & 9 pm. We'd like to be able to have an understanding of what percentage Saturday night traffic is, in comparison to the entire day. Are you able to share data from other shopping centres?
For example:
What is the traffic at Yorkdale on a Saturday night between 6 & 9pm? What is total traffic for the day?
Same as above for Upper Canada, Square One and Scarborough Town Centre.
We're trying to get a sense from a percentage point of view if what we are currently seeing is to be expected. Currently at Hillcrest it is 10-11%? Is this an accurate benchmark?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Exclusive  
Research 
Report

DECEMBER, 2018

CANADIAN 
SHOPPING 
CENTRE 
STUDY 2018

RetailCouncil.org



Learn more at 
legendpower.com/products

The Energy Efficiency Platform

If the electrical room is the heart of your building, then SmartGATE™ is its brain. 

SmartGATE™ is the intelligent energy efficiency platform that enables you 
to quickly and easily do what’s right for the environment and your bottom line!

When a solution to overvoltage didn’t exist... Legend Power® created one.

The proprietary, patented SmartGATE™ dynamically throttles incoming voltage in real-time, 
reducing your electricity costs and maximizing the useful life of your electrical equipment.  
SmartGATE is also the  gateway to multiple energy efficiency and power quality technologies 
like surge suppression, remote analytics reporting and more. Leading businesses are already 
saving!



Exclusive 
Research 
Report

CANADIAN 
SHOPPING 
CENTRE 
STUDY

Learn more at 
legendpower.com/products

The Energy Efficiency Platform

If the electrical room is the heart of your building, then SmartGATE™ is its brain. 

SmartGATE™ is the intelligent energy efficiency platform that enables you 
to quickly and easily do what’s right for the environment and your bottom line!

When a solution to overvoltage didn’t exist... Legend Power® created one.

The proprietary, patented SmartGATE™ dynamically throttles incoming voltage in real-time, 
reducing your electricity costs and maximizing the useful life of your electrical equipment.  
SmartGATE is also the  gateway to multiple energy efficiency and power quality technologies 
like surge suppression, remote analytics reporting and more. Leading businesses are already 
saving!

Table of ContentsTable of Contents

1. Introduction ........................................................................................................................................................................................1

2. Executive Summary ........................................................................................................................................................3

3.  Top 30 Shopping Centres in Canada 
by Sales per Square Foot .....................................................................................................................................5

4. US Shopping Centre Comparison.......................................................................................................9

5.  Top 10 Busiest Shopping Centres 
in Canada by Annual Visitor Count .................................................................................................11

6.  Top 10 Most Productive Centres:  
What is driving their success ....................................................................................................................13
a. Yorkdale Shopping Centre, Toronto .................................................................................................................15
b. CF Pacific Centre, Vancouver ................................................................................................................................. 19
c. Oakridge Centre, Vancouver ....................................................................................................................................21
d. CF Toronto Eaton Centre ...........................................................................................................................................23
e. Southgate Centre, Edmonton ...............................................................................................................................27
f. Square One Shopping Centre, Mississauga ..........................................................................................29
g. Chinook Centre, Calgary ...............................................................................................................................................31
h. CF Richmond Centre, Richmond BC ...........................................................................................................33
i. Metropolis at Metrotown, Burnaby BC ......................................................................................................35
j. CF Rideau Centre, Ottawa ........................................................................................................................................37

7. Conclusion .....................................................................................................................................................................................39

© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. 

THE CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018

2018



1

Shopping centres in Canada are important 
economic drivers. Increasingly, they are 
becoming the core around which additional 
infrastructure is being developed. 

Retail Council of Canada’s third Canadian 
Shopping Centre Study, based on annual 
per square foot productivity, supports that 
brick and mortar retail continues to thrive in 
spite of growing online sales and dramatic 
changes to the retail landscape brought about 
through Sears Canada’s recent departure 
(approximately 15 million square feet of 
vacated retail space nationally) and more than 
50 international brands entering into Canada.

Landlords are innovating and investing 
in their Canadian shopping centres – and 

seeing productivity gains. (Canada’s top 
malls are continuing to outperform US malls 
which have been showing productivity 
declines since 2014.) Not only are impressive 
renovations in Canada’s top shopping centers 
creating stunning new retail spaces that host 
shopping, events, new brands, food markets 
and restaurants, non-retail amenities such as 
movie theaters, fitness centers, office spaces, 
and even park land and condos are being 
planned. Shopping centers are successfully 
creating dynamic new unique experiences that 
consumers are buying.

We hope you find this Study useful and we 
thank all who participated in helping us be 
The Voice of RetailTM in Canada. To download 
the complete Study and access other RCC 
resources, please visit RetailCouncil.org/
research.

Kind regards,

Diane J. Brisebois 
President and CEO, 
RETAIL COUNCIL OF CANADA

Introduction 

About the Author

Craig Patterson is a retail analyst and founder of the leading 
Canadian retail industry news publication, Retail Insider. He 
holds Bachelor of Commerce and Bachelor of Law degrees from 
the University of Alberta, and is also the head of research at the 
University of Alberta School of Retailing. He has been studying the 
retail industry for over 25 years and has a keen interest in shopping 
centre real estate. 

1CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.

http://RetailCouncil.org/research
http://RetailCouncil.org/research
http://retail-insider.com


DID SOMEONE MISS THE NET ON 
ANOTHER RETAIL TECHNOLOGY 
DEPLOYMENT?

OPL Technologies helps retail leadership avoid failed technology deployments by designing 
them from the ground up, saving money, and enabling new technologies faster. 

LET US TURN YOUR RETAIL DEPLOYMENT 
INTO A POWER PLAY

DESIGNING RETAIL SUCCESS

CONTACTUS@OPLTECHNOLOGIES.COM    |    WWW.OPLTECHNOLOGIES.COM    |    317-712-3117

 DEPLOYMENT DESIGN & PLANNING

    DESIGN TRAINING SERVICES

              AUDITING / OPTIMIZATION

    TROUBLED PROJECT RESCUE

           RFP / PROVIDER VETTING & SELECTION

�

�

�

�

�

1



Executive Summary
Retail Council of Canada’s third Canadian Shopping Centre Study 
analyses Canada’s top shopping centres based on annual sales per 
square foot productivity and annual visitor counts, including a focus on 
year over year sales growth at Canada’s most productive 30 shopping 
centres. The Study also discusses the country’s top 10 shopping centres 
and includes an overview of what they offer, what they are doing well, 
and what is planned for the future. 

Specific shopping centre data was collected directly from landlords 
while reference data was collected from several sources as noted. 
Canadian shopping centre productivity numbers were provided by 
landlords for non-anchor reporting commercial retail units (CRUs) for 
the 12 months ending June 30, 2018.

KEY OBSERVATIONS

• Canada’s top shopping centres continue to thrive. 

• When compared year over year, most of Canada’s top centres saw gains in 
sales per square foot in 2018 when compared to 2017. 

• Canada’s top shopping centres continue to see investments to make them 
more dynamic gathering places for consumers. 

• While the loss of Sears Canada stores in some malls may have led to a 
temporary reduction in visitor count and revenue, landlords are strategizing 
how to make their properties flourish in vacated retail spaces. 

• Canadian shopping centres are, on average, also more productive than those 
in the United States and Canadian shopping centres continue to see year 
over year gains while US centres see moderate declines. The United States 
has considerably more retail space than Canada per capita, and Canadians 
appear to be embracing brick and mortar retail more than Americans who 
are increasingly purchasing online. The United States may see a reduction in 
retail space as centres are ‘right-sized’ or redeveloped. 

2

Information in this study is collated from industry data and from noted participants. Retail Council of Canada, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, makes no warranty (express, implied or otherwise), or assumes any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, 
completeness, reliability and usefulness of this information. Some opinions in this report are based on current market trends and may 
be subject to change.

3CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



CineplexDigitalMedia.com

Award Winning Interactive Display
featuring 200 Years of BMO

CDM powers digital merchandising networks for some of the 
world’s leading brands in retail, financial, QSR and malls. Our 
recipe is easy: we combine contextual data, our innovative 
product platform and award-winning creative to transform  
your customers’ experiences and drive your business goals.

We Help You Make Every Impression Worth More.

GIVE YOUR CUSTOMERS 
A REASON TO LOOK UP

3



Rank Shopping Centre City/Province Productivity*

1 Yorkdale Shopping Centre Toronto ON $1,905.00 

2 CF Pacific Centre Vancouver BC $1,690.00 

3 Oakridge Centre Vancouver BC $1,594.00 

4 CF Toronto Eaton Centre Toronto ON $1,556.00 

5 Southgate Centre Edmonton AB $1,128.00 

6 Square One Mississauga ON $1,086.78 

7 CF Chinook Centre Calgary AB $1,081.00 

8 CF Richmond Centre Richmond BC $1,060.00 

9 Metropolis at Metrotown Burnaby BC $1,040.00 

10 CF Rideau Centre Ottawa ON $1,017.00 

11 Conestoga Mall Waterloo ON $1,016.00 

12 CF Sherway Gardens Toronto ON $1,002.00 

13 CF Fairview Mall Toronto ON $986.00 

14 CF Masonville London ON $946.00 

15 Park Royal West Vancouver BC $914.00

16 Mapleview Centre Burlington ON $901.00 

17 CF Market Mall Calgary AB $899.00 

18 Scarborough Town Centre Toronto ON $890.93 

19 Guildford Town Centre Surrey BC $883.00 

20 CF Polo Park Winnipeg MB $862.00 

21 CF Carrefour Laval Laval QC $858.00 

22 CF Markville Markham ON $855.00 

23 Coquitlam Centre Coquitlam BC $854.00 

24 Bayview Village Toronto ON $830.00 

25 Place Ste-Foy Quebec City QC $825.00 

26 Vaughan Mills Vaughan ON $824.00 

27 Halifax Shopping Centre Halifax NS $811.00 

28 Upper Canada Mall Newmarket ON $788.19 

29 CF Fairview Pointe Claire Pointe Claire QC $768.00 

30 West Edmonton Mall Edmonton AB $767.00 

* The 2018 Canadian Shopping Centre Study is based on 12-month data collected as of June 30, 2018 for centres with GLA exceeding 300,000 square feet in size.

Note: Montreal Eaton Centre, upon completion of merger of current Montreal Eaton Centre and Complex Les Ailes, will span 467,000 square feet and will rank 
highly. 2018 Numbers for each: Complex Les Ailes: $1,294 (195,000 square feet) , Montreal Eaton Centre: $894 (272,000 square feet)  

3

Top 30 Shopping Centres in Canada  
by Sales Per Square Foot 

55CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



3 Top 30 Shopping Centres in Canada by Sales Per Square Foot 

 Retail Council of Canada Analysis
• For the third year in a row, Toronto’s Yorkdale Shopping Centre ranked as the 

most productive centre in Canada in terms of annual sales per square foot. 

• The Conestoga Mall in Waterloo, Ontario, is the first shopping centre in Canada 
not located within a major metropolitan region to see annual sales per square 
foot surpass the $1,000 benchmark. 

• Larger metropolitan regions dominate the top 30 list, including the Greater 
Toronto Area (11 centres), Vancouver/BC Lower Mainland (7 centres), Greater 
Montreal (2 centres), Calgary (2 centres), Edmonton (2 centres), Winnipeg 
(1 centre), Ottawa (1 centre) and Quebec City (1 centre). As well, the cities of 
Halifax, London Ontario and Waterloo Ontario each have one centre ranking 
within the top 30. 

• With seven top ranking centres out of the top 
30, the Vancouver/Lower Mainland has the 
largest per-capita concentration of productive 
shopping centres in Canada. 

• As Alberta’s economy improves after a 
recession attributed to a reduction in oil prices, 
the province remains home to some highly 
productive centres with Southgate Centre 
in Edmonton ranking fifth and Calgary’s CF 
Chinook Centre ranking seventh. 

• The entire non-anchor reporting retailers at 
West Edmonton Mall delivered annual sales 
per square foot of $767. Landlord Triple Five 
confirms that the mall’s central corridor delivered annual sales averaging $1,182 
per square foot for the 12 months ending June 30, 2018. 

• All but three of the top 30 centres include an Apple store as a tenant, with the 
exclusion of Park Royal, Scarborough Town Centre and Bayview Village. Tesla 
and Canada Goose (both highly productive) are tenants at Yorkdale Shopping 
Centre and at CF Chinook Centre, and CF Sherway Gardens recently saw Tesla 
open in the shopping centre as well. 

• Three of the top 30 centres are in downtown cores (CF Toronto Eaton Centre, 
CF Pacific Centre, CF Rideau Centre) and all three benefit heavily from nearby 
public transit. 

• In late 2019/early 2020, the combined Montreal Eaton Centre and Complexe 
Les Ailes (which will be both branded as Montreal Eaton Centre) will exceed 
300,000 square feet of GLA.

For the third year in a 
row, Toronto’s Yorkdale 
Shopping Centre ranked as 
the most productive centre 
in Canada in terms of annual 
sales per square foot. 

5 6© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 20185



3 Top 30 Shopping Centres in Canada by Sales Per Square Foot 

Rank Shopping Centre City/Province 2018 Productivity 2017 Productivity % Change

1 Yorkdale Shopping Centre Toronto ON $1,905.00 $1,653.00 ▲ 15.25%

2 CF Pacific Centre Vancouver BC $1,690.00 $1,531.00 ▲ 10.39%

3 Oakridge Centre Vancouver BC $1,594.00 $1,579.00 ▲ 0.95%

4 CF Toronto Eaton Centre Toronto ON $1,556.00 $1,528.00 ▲ 1.83%

5 Southgate Centre Edmonton AB $1,128.00 $1,147.00 ▼ -1.66%

6 Square One Mississauga ON $1,086.78 $1,064.00 ▲ 2.14%

7 CF Chinook Centre Calgary AB $1,081.00 $1,075.00 ▲ 0.56%

8 CF Richmond Centre Richmond BC $1,060.00 $937.00 ▲ 13.13%

9 Metropolis at Metrotown Burnaby BC $1,040.00 $1,031.00 ▲ 0.87%

10 CF Rideau Centre Ottawa ON $1,017.00 $987.00 ▲ 3.04%

11 Conestoga Mall Waterloo ON $1,016.00 $919.00 ▲ 10.55%

12 CF Sherway Gardens Toronto ON $1,002.00 $979.00 ▲ 2.35%

13 CF Fairview Mall Toronto ON $986.00 $956.00 ▲ 3.14%

14 CF Masonville London ON $946.00 $933.00 ▲ 1.39%

15 Park Royal West Vancouver BC $914.00 $874.00 ▲ 4.58%

16 Mapleview Centre Burlington ON $901.00 $895.00 ▲ 0.67%

17 CF Market Mall Calgary AB $899.00 $887.00 ▲ 1.35%

18 Scarborough Town Centre Toronto ON $890.93 $866.00 ▲ 2.88%

19 Guildford Town Centre Surrey BC $883.00 $875.00 ▲ 0.91%

20 CF Polo Park Winnipeg MB $862.00 $921.00 ▼ -6.41%

21 CF Carrefour Laval Laval QC $858.00 $848.00 ▲ 1.18%

22 CF Markville Markham ON $855.00 $809.00 ▲ 5.69%

23 Coquitlam Centre Coquitlam BC $854.00 $823.00 ▲ 3.77%

24 Bayview Village Toronto ON $830.00 $813.00 ▲ 2.09%

25 Place Ste-Foy Quebec City QC $825.00 $815.00 ▲ 1.23%

26 Vaughan Mills Vaughan ON $824.00 $792.00 ▲ 4.04%

27 Halifax Shopping Centre Halifax NS $811.00 $821.00 ▼ -1.22%

28 Upper Canada Mall Newmarket ON $788.19 $779.00 ▲ 1.18%

29 CF Fairview Pointe Claire Pointe Claire QC $768.00 $748.00 ▲ 2.67%

30 West Edmonton Mall Edmonton AB $767.00 $760.00 ▲ 0.92%

Note: Montreal Eaton Centre, upon completion of merger of current Montreal Eaton Centre and Complex Les Ailes, will span 467,000 square feet and 
will rank highly. 2018 Numbers for each: Complex Les Ailes: $1,294 (195,000 square feet), Montreal Eaton Centre: $894 (272,000 square feet) 

(Source: Retail Council of Canada Shopping Centre Study, 2018 vs 2017)

Note: numbers above do not take into account factors such as the addition of space or replacement retailers make to a centre. Data should be 
interpreted accordingly.

Comparison: 2018 Canadian Shopping Centre 
Productivity Annual Sales per Square Foot vs. 2017

7CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



3 Top 30 Shopping Centres in Canada by Sales Per Square Foot 

 Retail Council of Canada Analysis
• Most of Canada’s top 30 shopping centres saw annual per square foot 

sales increases between 2017 and 2018. 

• In 2018, 12 of Canada’s top 30 shopping centres boast annual sales per 
square foot exceeding $1,000. In 2017, eight Canadian centres exceeded 
that benchmark. 

• Toronto’s Yorkdale Shopping Centre saw annual sales per square 
foot increase more than 15% between 2017 and 2018, which can be 
attributed, in part, to highly productive luxury retailers as well as high-
selling units for Apple, Tesla and Canada Goose. 

• Toronto’s CF Sherway Gardens is expected to see a substantial lift in 
2019 with new retailers including Tesla. 

• The three malls that saw minor decreases between 2017 and 2018 had 
Sears as anchors, which may explain a temporary reduction in foot 
traffic and productivity. 

Most of Canada’s top 30 shopping 
centres saw annual per square foot 
sales increases between 2017 and 2018. 

Carrefour Laval

7 8© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018



4

To put context to how well the top shopping centres in Canada are performing, a 
comparison to the average US productivity per square foot is enlightening.

On average, the top shopping centres in Canada are performing better than their 
US counterparts. The United States has a handful of malls that have higher per 
square foot sales than Toronto’s Yorkdale Shopping Centre. For example, the Bal 
Harbour Shops near Miami, Florida perform strongly with well over $3,000 ($US) 
per square foot annually. However, in general, the Canadian direction for our top 
malls is very positive.

US Shopping Centre Productivity 
Comparison

Sales Productivity in Canadian Shopping Centres vs. US 
Shopping Centres

*Source: International Council of Shopping Centres, numbers as of December 31, 2017

2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

Canada ($C) $625 $652 $667 $675 $689 $743 $761 $770 

United States ($US) $408 $436 $467 $478 $478 $478 $469 $468 

99CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



Gross Domestic  
Product per capita

Source: International Monetary Fund, 2017, $US

Canada $45,077

United States $59,501

4 Us Shopping Centre Productivity Comparison

• Canadian shopping centres have seen a 
positive trend in terms of overall annual 
sales per square foot for non-anchor 
tenants since 2010, while the United States 
has seen minor decreases year over year 
since 2015.

• With 23.5 square feet of shopping centre 
space per capita (GLA), the United States 
has considerably more retail space per 
person than Canada, which has 16.4 square 
feet per person. An uncertain economic 
climate and an overabundance of retail 
space may be contributors to US mall 
declines year over year.* 

*Source: International Council of Shopping Centres

On average, the top shopping 
centres in Canada are performing 
better than their US counterparts.

9 10© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 20189



Rank Shopping Centre City/Province Annual Visitors

1 CF Toronto Eaton Centre Toronto, ON 53.7 million 

2 West Edmonton Mall Edmonton, AB 28 million

3 Metropolis at Metrotown Burnaby, BC 27.7 million

4 CF Rideau Centre Ottawa, ON 24.6 million

5 Square One Mississauga, ON 23 million 

6 Montreal Eaton Centre Montreal, QC 22.3 million

7 CF Pacific Centre Vancouver, BC 22.1 million

8 Scarborough Town Centre Toronto, ON 21 million

9 Yorkdale Shopping Centre Toronto, ON 18 million 

10 CF Richmond Centre Richmond, BC 17.5 million 

Note: Royal Bank Plaza, in 2015, saw 34.7 million visitors. Updated numbers for 2018 are unavailable.

(Source: Retail Council of Canada Canadian Shopping Centre Study 2018)

Top Two US Shopping Malls Annual Visitor Count Comparison

Rank Property City Metro Region State
Estimated Annual 
Visitors

1 Ala Moana Shopping Center Honolulu Honolulu Hawaii 48 million

2 Mall of America Bloomington Minneapolis Minnesota 40 million

(Source: Information supplied by property landlords)

5

Top 10 Busiest Shopping Centres in  
Canada by Annual Visitor Count 

Montreal Eaton Centre

1111CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



Retail Council of Canada Analysis
• Toronto’s CF Toronto Eaton Centre remains the busiest shopping centre in North 

America with 53.7 million annual visitors in 2018. The centre is well served by public 
transit including a major subway line and two busy streetcar lines. 

• CF Toronto Eaton Centre remains busier than the Ala Moana Center in Honolulu, as 
well as the massive Mall of America in suburban Minneapolis. Both are significant 
attractions in a country with nearly 10-times the population of Canada (with Honolulu 
being a significant tourist draw from Asia). 

• West Edmonton Mall confirms that approximately 50% of its visitors are out-of-town 
visitors. 

• Of the top 10 busiest centres listed for Canada, four are located in urban cores (CF 
Toronto Eaton Centre, Montreal Eaton Centre, CF Pacific Centre, CF Rideau Centre).

• Transit accessibility is key to a shopping centre’s success. Seven of the top 10 busiest 
properties are served by rapid transit lines (and Ottawa is building one that will 
have a stop at CF Rideau Centre). Suburban centres not served by rapid transit are 
accessible and include ample parking, and all centres are served by bus stops. 

5 Top 10 Busiest Shopping Centres in Canada by Annual Visitor Count 

Toronto’s CF Toronto Eaton Centre 
remains the busiest shopping centre 
in North America.

CF Toronto Eaton Centre

11 12© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 201811



Top 10 Most Productive Shopping Centres
What is driving their success

Most of Canada’s top malls have seen millions in investments over the past few years and 
this commitment is expected to continue while shopping centres become even more 
entrenched as community activity hubs. (A great example is Vancouver’s Oakridge Centre 
whose redevelopment plans call for a truly spectacular transformation which will create an 
entirely new “town centre”.)

Canada’s top 10 shopping centres, ranked by annual sales per square foot, are reviewed.

6a. Yorkdale

6b.  CF Pacific Centre

6c.  Oakridge Centre, Vancouver

6d.  CF Toronto Eaton Centre

6e.  Southgate Centre

6f.  Square One

6g.  CF Chinook Centre 

6h.  CF Richmond Centre

6i.  Metropolis at Metrotown

6j.  CF Rideau Centre

Considerations in the evaluation include:
• Shopping centre manager, size (Gross 

Leasable Area), annual visitor count, number 
of stores, parking spaces, accessibility 
(including roadway and mass transit);

• Annual sales per square foot, for the 12 
months ending June 30, 2018 for reporting 
non-anchor commercial retail units;

• Anchor tenants (over 50,000 square feet);

• Tenant/merchandise mix analysis (types of 
stores and overall quality of offering);

• Condition/appeal of centre;

• Future analysis: plans for renovation? 
Expansion? Other?;

• Added attractions, present and future, to 
drive traffic (such as food halls/markets, major 
restaurants, amusement centres);

• Premium amenities such as valet parking, 
concierge, personal stylists, car detailing, 
where applicable.

6

Most of Canada’s top 
malls have seen millions 
in investments over 
the past few years. 
This commitment is 
expected to continue 
while shopping 
centres become 
more entrenched as 
community activity hubs.

1313CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



13 14© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 201813



a. Yorkdale Shopping Centre, Toronto

Mall Manager: Oxford Properties Group

Size (Gross Leasable Area): 2-million sq ft

Annual Visitor Count: 18 million

Number of Stores: 270

Parking Spaces: 8,000

Highway/Transit Access:

Yorkdale is accessible via two major highways and is 

also on a major ‘TTC’ subway line as well as regional ‘Go 

Transit’ with a stop at the shopping centre. 

Annual sales per square foot, for the 12 months weighted 

ending June 30, 2018 for reporting non-anchor 

commercial retail units: $1,905

Anchors (over 50,000 sq ft):

Hudson’s Bay

Nordstrom

Holt Renfrew*

Restoration Hardware

SilverCity Theatre

Sporting Life

300,870 sq ft

200,000 sq ft

132,000 sq ft*

69,000 sq ft

68,470 sq ft

50,000 sq ft

*Note: Holt Renfrew is in the process of adding a 10,000 
square foot expansion that will create a 132,000 square 
foot store when it is completed by mid-2019. 

Top 10 Most Productive Shopping Centres6

Tenant and merchandise mix overview:
• Yorkdale Shopping Centre is Canada’s most productive shopping  

mall. The centre is approaching $2 billion in annual sales, with about  
35% of all sales being from the top 15 non-anchor retailers such as  
Apple, Tesla, Canada Goose, Cartier and Tiffany & Co. 

1515CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



6 a. YORKDALE SHOPPING CENTRE, TORONTO

• The centre features a wide range of retailers, from fast-fashion such as 
Forever 21 and H&M to luxury retailers such as Jimmy Choo, Moncler, 
Canada Goose, Saint Laurent and Van Cleef & Arpels. In late 2017, 
Toronto’s first Ladurée location opened at Yorkdale. 

• Holt Renfrew’s store is highly productive with its in-store luxury brand 
conscessions that include Chanel, Gucci, Prada and Dior. 

• Hudson’s Bay and Nordstrom are both important anchors to the centre, 
both featuring renovated interiors and carrying an array of leading 
fashion and beauty brands. Hudson’s Bay features concessions for Sandro 
and Maje, and Nordstrom features shop-in-store for brands such as 
Chloé, Celine Valentino, Akris, Dries Van Noten and Burberry, as well as a 
Delvaux concession. 

• Sporting Life opened in the fall of 2017. Flagship quality RH Restoration 
Hardware also opened in the fall of 2017. 

Condition, updates and general appeal of centre:
• Yorkdale features updated interiors with limestone flooring, high ceilings 

and ample natural light, as well as updated washrooms and food and 
beverage offerings. The centre is very popular and as such, parking can 
be an issue. The centre added valet parking as well as a new parking 
structure for its Nordstrom-anchored wing in 2016. 

Yorkdale Shopping Centre 
is Canada’s top centre in 
terms of overall productivity.

Yorkdale Shopping Centre

15 16© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 201815



6 a. YORKDALE SHOPPING CENTRE, TORONTO

• The centre has seen substantial investments, including three new wings —  
a 2012 expansion near Holt Renfrew, a 2016 expansion which added 
Nordstrom plus 20 additional retailers and a fall 2017 wing, a wing  
anchored by RH/Restoration Hardware and Sporting Life. 

Future renovation or expansion plans:
• The RH Restoration Hardware/Sporting Life-anchored wing continues to add 

tenants, including a new first-to-Canada restaurant concept. Plans for further 
expansions over the next decade will add more retail space and there is also 
a proposal for future office buildings, a food market, a hotel, and possibly 
residential buildings. 

Added attractions, present and future:
• The centre is home to Canada’s first Cheesecake Factory and is one of the 

top two locations for the chain. The Yorkdale restaurant is said to sell more 
take-out cheesecake than the total revenue of some US-based Cheesecake 
Factory restaurant locations. 

The centre has seen 
substantial investments 
since 2012, including 
three new wings.

Yorkdale Shopping Centre

17CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



6 a. YORKDALE SHOPPING CENTRE, TORONTO

• Yorkdale is also expected to see the opening of a 
food hall/market in a future proposed expansion. 
The centre’s diverse range of tenants, including 
world-class retailers and restaurants, appeal to a 
wide range of shoppers. 

Premium amenities: 
• Yorkdale features three valet parking areas, a concierge, guest services, 

personal stylists, and car detailing (added summer 2018). 

let’s talk 
retail design
www.ghadesing.com 
info@ghadesign.com
514.843.5812 Linen Chest - Rockland Centre, Montreal, QC 

Yorkdale is also expected 
to see the opening of a 
food hall/market in a future 
proposed expansion

Yorkdale Shopping Centre

17 18© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018



Tenant and merchandise mix overview:
• CF Pacific Centre features an assortment of best-in-class retailers ranging from 

fast-fashion to luxury retailers. A multi-level H&M store (which is in the process 
of adding another level) is a draw, as are luxury retailers such as Max Mara and 
Pomellato. The centre is adding new premium brands such as Sandro, Maje and 
Canada Goose, and its relatively small Apple store is busy and does exceptionally 
high sales. A highly productive Harry Rosen flagship store attracts shoppers 
and its licensed Ermenegildo Zegna boutique, which underwent a renovation, 
reopened in the fall of 2018. 

b. CF Pacific Centre, Vancouver

Mall Manager: Cadillac Fairview 

Size (Gross Leasable Area): 678,202 sq ft

Annual Visitor Count: 22.1 million

Number of Stores: 98

Parking Spaces: 1,558

Highway/Transit Access:

Urban core roadways, rapid transit stations adjacent 

(called ‘Skytrain’), regional buses. 

Annual sales per square foot, for the 12 months 

weighted ending June 30, 2018 for reporting non-

anchor commercial retail units: $1,690

Anchors (over 50,000 sq ft):

Hudson’s Bay

Nordstrom

Holt Renfrew

637,000 sq ft

230,000 sq ft

190,419 sq ft

Top 10 Most Productive Shopping Centres6

1919CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



6 b. CF PACIFIC CENTRE, VANCOUVER

• The Holt Renfrew store is highly productive and houses a wide variety of luxury 
brands, including leased concessions. Nordstrom’s store is also a leader for the 
chain and houses popular brands, including a considerable number of luxury 
brands. 

Condition, updates and general appeal of centre:
• The centre’s interior is attractive and 

reflects the centre’s premium tenant mix. 
CF Pacific Centre spans three blocks with 
above-ground pedway access northward 
to the Holt Renfrew anchor store, as well 
as underground access to Nordstrom 
and the adjacent Hudson’s Bay flagship. 
A substantial multi-year renovation 
added new retailers and anchors. Exterior 
renovations to a former Sears building, 
which were completed in 2015, are 
impressive and include retail as well as 
upper-level offices, and the façade of 
the H&M store will see an overhaul to be completed by early next 
year. Ceiling heights are generally lower than what are common 
in today’s newer malls, though the centre continues to thrive and 
attracts leading brands. The shopping centre’s food court was 
renovated in the fall of 2017. 

Future renovation or expansion plans:
• Landlord Cadillac Fairview plans to expand the centre at the 

northeast corner of W. Georgia Street and Howe Street. The 
adjacent Four Seasons Hotel will close in 2020, and some of that 
space could be repurposed into retail. 

Added attractions, present and future:
• CF Pacific Centre succeeds based on its location and exceptional merchandise 

mix. Anchors Nordstrom and Holt Renfrew both feature restaurants and host 
in-store events that attract a range of shoppers. Both stores also 
regularly host brand pop-ups which draw consumers from the 
region – the shopping centre has a loyal shopping base from 
residents in the Lower Mainland, and it also attracts tourists. 

Premium amenities: 
Anchors Nordstrom and Holt Renfrew both offer valet parking as well 
as premium personal shopping suites. 

Landlord Cadillac Fairview 
plans to expand the 
centre at the northeast 
corner of W. Georgia 
Street and Howe Street.

CF Pacific Centre

CF Pacific Centre

19 20© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 201819



c. Oakridge Centre, Vancouver

Mall Manager: QuadReal 

Size (Gross Leasable Area): 573,742 square feet

Annual Visitor Count: 8.3 million

Number of Stores: 150 

Parking Spaces: 3,032

Highway/Transit Access:

Major roadway, buses, transit line station  

(called ‘Skytrain’)

Annual sales per square foot, for the 12 months 

weighted ending June 30, 2018 for reporting non-

anchor commercial retail units: $1,594

Anchors (over 50,000 sq ft):

Hudson’s Bay: 

Safeway (grocery): 

182,485 sq ft

50,099 sq ft

Top 10 Most Productive Shopping Centres6

Tenant and merchandise mix overview:
• Oakridge Centre features a range of first-in-class retailers, 

from moderate-priced brands to luxury retailers. Apple, 
Aritzia and Browns Shoes draw a range of shoppers, with 
luxury boutiques such as Tiffany & Co., Max Mara, Harry Rosen 
and Hugo Boss catering to more affluent shoppers. International 
brands including Maison Valmont beauty and candy retailer 
Sugarfina have recently opened in the centre. 

The Oakridge Centre 
of today will almost be 
unrecognizable once the 
planned renovations are 
completed.  

2121CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



6

Condition, updates and general appeal of centre:
• The current Oakridge Centre interior is ‘dated’, though it enjoys 

ample natural light from arched skylights above retail corridors. 
Consumers are drawn to the upscale brand mix and pleasant 
shopping environment. 

Future renovation or expansion plans:
• The Oakridge Centre of today will be almost unrecognizable 

when the planned renovations are completed. The retail portion 
of the centre will almost double in size to include new interior 
corridors as well as an outdoor pedestrianized street. A 
new ‘luxury run’ will house a range of premium brand 
stores, and new flagship stores for Harry Rosen and 
Apple will open in the centre, as will a replacement 
142,000 square foot Hudson’s Bay store (the current 
store will be demolished as part of the centre 
transformation). 

• Oakridge will eventually comprise about 4.5 million 
square feet of space for retail, residential, office and 
other uses. Included will be a community centre, public 
library, performance facility, dance academy daycare, 
food hall, a nine-acre park, as well as office space and 
residential towers containing about 2,600 units for an 
estimated 6,000 residents. An estimated 50,000 people 
are expected to move within a one-kilometer radius as 
the area is densified through redevelopment. As well, an estimated 26 million 
people are expected to visit the centre when it is completed in 2025-2026, 
which could help add significantly more retailers at a variety of price points. 

Added attractions, present and future:
• The overhauled Oakridge will become a mixed-use town centre  

that could become a model for future shopping centre 
developments in Canada, as well as globally. 

Premium amenities: 
• The expanded Oakridge Centre will include ‘five-star 

concierges’, valet parking, electric vehicle charging stations, 
and a host of premium amenities as part of the new 
upscale community centre. 

c. OAKRIDGE CENTRE, VANCOUVER

The overhauled Oakridge 
will become a mixed-
use town centre that 
could become a model 
for shopping centre 
developments.

Oakridge Centre

Oakridge Centre

21 22© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 201821



Tenant and merchandise mix overview:
• CF Toronto Eaton Centre offers a wide range of tenants from value-priced retailers such 

as Miniso, to fast-fashion retailers such as H&M, Uniqlo and Zara, to upscale retailers such 
as Links of London, Hugo Boss, Sandro and Maje. Luxury brands are found in the major 
anchor stores including Saks Fifth Avenue, Hudson’s Bay and Nordstrom. 

• Saks Fifth Avenue’s first Canadian store opened in February 2016 and the store also 
houses a busy Pusateri’s Fine Foods, co-branded with Saks, on its lower level. Saks 

d. CF Toronto Eaton Centre, Toronto

Mall Manager: Cadillac Fairview

Size (Gross Leasable Area): 2,045,374 square feet

Annual Visitor Count: 53.7 million

Number of Stores: 215

Parking Spaces: 1,300

Highway/Transit Access:

Urban core roadways, bus access, subway (two major 

stations), street cars (two major lines).

Annual sales per square foot, for the 12 months 

weighted ending June 30, 2018 for reporting non-

anchor commercial retail units: $1,556

Anchors (over 50,000 sq ft):

Hudson’s Bay

Nordstrom

Saks Fifth Avenue/ 

Pusateri’s Fine Foods

H&M

~800,000 sq ft

220,000 sq ft

170,000 sq ft

58,000 sq ft

Top 10 Most Productive Shopping Centres6

2323CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



6

features a wide range of some of the world’s top luxury brands, 
including concessions for Louis Vuitton, Dior and Prada. It 
also has an adjacent 11,000 square foot restaurant operated in 
partnership with Oliver & Bonaccini. 

• Nordstrom’s Toronto Flagship at CF Toronto Eaton Centre 
features a wider range of prices and also features luxury brands 
not found in most US Nordstrom stores. It includes three on-site 
restaurants. 

• Hudson’s Bay’s CF Toronto Eaton Centre is the company’s 
renovated flagship and it includes a wide range of designers over 
its multiple levels, as well as multiple food-and-beverage offerings. 

Condition, updates and general appeal of centre:
• CF Toronto Eaton Centre has seen more than $500 million 

invested over the past few years, including common-area improvements 
and new retailers such as Nordstrom, Saks Fifth Avenue, Samsung and 
Uniqlo. The shopping centre’s former 800,000 square foot Sears space 
has been repurposed for multiple retailers, and the adjacent Hudson’s Bay 
building continues to see upgrades that will include a WeWork, co-working 
space, added on the top-two levels (thus reducing some of Hudson’s Bay’s 
existing retail space). 

d. CF TORONTO EATON CENTRE, TORONTO

CF Toronto Eaton Centre 
has seen more than $500 
million invested over the 
past few years.

CF Toronto Eaton Centre

CF Toronto Eaton Centre

23 24© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 201823



6 d. CF TORONTO EATON CENTRE, TORONTO

• The shopping centre’s food court was updated in 2011. Several full-service 
restaurants are also located in both the Eaton Centre as well as within its three 
department store anchors. 

Future renovation or expansion plans:
• Landlord Cadillac Fairview is creating new commercial space by repurposing 

the northwest corner of Queen Street West and Yonge Street, which includes a 
heritage façade. The shopping centre’s Apple Store will be relocated, and other 
new retailers are negotiating for spaces. 

Added attractions, present and future:
• CF Toronto Eaton Centre is a diverse retail centre with adjacent office towers 

and big-box stores such as Canadian Tire and Best Buy. The location of the 

CF Toronto Eaton Centre

CF Toronto Eaton Centre CF Toronto Eaton Centre

25CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



6 d. CF TORONTO EATON CENTRE, TORONTO

centre is an attraction unto itself, being next to the busy ‘Yonge Dundas 
Square’ and close to City Hall and the Financial District, not to mention 
entertainment options and other downtown Toronto attractions. 

Premium amenities: 
• Department stores Nordstrom, Saks Fifth Avenue and Hudson’s Bay all 

offer premium experiences such as personal shopping and concierge 
services. Even with several high-end retailers, the centre currently does 
not offer valet parking. Saks Fifth Avenue’s intention of including valet 
parking at its Richmond Street entrance was thwarted when bike lanes 
were added in 2016. 

CF Toronto Eaton Centre

25 26© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018



e. Southgate Centre, Edmonton

Mall Manager: Ivanhoé Cambridge

Size (Gross Leasable Area): 918,800 sq ft 

Annual Visitor Count: 8.8-million

Number of Stores: 159

Parking Spaces: 4,385

Highway/Transit Access:

Yes. Freeway, major roadway, LRT station, buses

Annual sales per square foot, for the 12 months 

weighted ending June 30, 2018 for reporting non-

anchor commercial retail units: $1,128

Anchors (over 50,000 sq ft):

Hudson’s Bay

Safeway

236,551 sq ft

52,571

Note: The shopping centre’s 263,019 Sears store closed 

in early 2018, corresponding with Sears Canada’s 

bankruptcy/store closures.

Top 10 Most Productive Shopping Centres6

Tenant and merchandise mix overview:
• Southgate Centre offers a mix of mid-to-high priced retailers that 

cater to a regional population. Best-in-class retailers include the likes 
of Apple, Zara, Browns Shoes, Aritzia, and Kiehl’s, among others. The 
centre is home to Edmonton’s only locations for retailers RH Restoration 
Hardware, Crate & Barrel and Lego. Upscale retailers include multi-brand 
Blu’s Womenswear and Le Creuset. The shopping centre currently lacks 
standalone luxury brand stores as part of its mix. 

2727CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



6

Condition, updates and general appeal 
of centre:
• The shopping centre features an appealing interior 

that was renovated several years ago to include 
an updated food court, a new two-level parking 
deck and an expansion of about 40 retailers. The 
LRT station that was build beside the centre has 
increased its visitors.

Future renovation or expansion plans:
• The shopping centre’s former Sears space, which 

spans three levels, will be repurposed by the landlord 
and currently features a temporary furniture retailer 
in part of the space. 

Added attractions, present and future:
• The centre features full-service restaurant ‘State & 

Main’ as well as several large bank branches to serve 
the community. It also has a busy Safeway grocery 
store which attracts shoppers, particularly locals. 

e. SOUTHGATE CENTRE, EDMONTON

Southgate Centre 
offers a mix of 
mid-to-high priced 
retailers that 
cater to a regional 
population. 

Southgate Centre

Southgate Centre Southgate Centre

27 28© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 201827



f. Square One Shopping Centre, Mississauga 

Mall Manager: Oxford Properties 

Size (Gross Leasable Area): 1,905,505 sq ft

Annual Visitor Count: 24 million

Number of Stores: 330

Parking Spaces: 8,704

Highway/Transit Access:

Freeway and roadway, on several bus routes (including 

an on-site Go Transit station). Note: plans in place for 

light rail transit network in the city of Mississauga over 

the next decade.

Annual sales per square foot, for the 12 months 

weighted ending June 30, 2018 for reporting non-

anchor commercial retail units: $1,087

Anchors (over 50,000 sq ft):

Walmart

Hudson’s Bay

Holt Renfrew

La Maison Simons

224,015 sq ft

203,516 sq ft

140,694 sq ft

109,408 sq ft

Top 10 Most Productive Shopping Centres6

Tenant and merchandise mix overview:
• Square One features a wide range of retailers, from 

value-priced Walmart to luxury retailers such as 
Holt Renfrew. The shopping centre is filled with 
many first-in-class retailers, both Canadian and 
international. Several full-service restaurants include Jamie’s Italian and Moxie’s. 

• Unique/niche retailers include beauty brands Deciem and Urban Decay, candy retailer 
Sugarfina. Quebec City-based large-format fashion retailer La Maison Simons operates 

Square One is considered to be 
part of the heart of downtown 
Mississauga, and includes 
various urban uses such as 
‘Celebration Square’, offices, 
live theatre and a library.

2929CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



6

its only location in southern Ontario at Square One. The shopping centre’s ‘luxury 
wing’ includes Ferragamo, Rolex and Tory Burch, with a nearby Links of London. 
An ‘OVO October’s Very Own’ by rapper ‘Drake’ opened fall 2018, one of only a 
handful globally (but more to come). 

• Square One is the only shopping centre in North America to feature Walmart and 
a luxury department store (Holt Renfrew) in the same property. 

Condition, updates and general appeal of centre:
• The centre features beautiful interiors similar to Yorkdale 

Shopping Centre including high ceilings and limestone flooring 
throughout. Skylights provide natural light, and the centre’s 
‘luxury wing’, which opened in summer 2016, features a dramatic 
rotunda that is anchored by Holt Renfrew and Harry Rosen. The 
centre is considered to be one of the most attractive shopping 
centres in Canada.

Future renovation or expansion plans:
• Square One is in a constant state of transition and in the fall of 

2018, tenants began moving into the shopping centre’s former 
Target space. Uniqlo is a new tenant and an Indigo store 
will also open. Cineplex-owned entertainment concept 
‘The Rec Room’ will open in spring 2019, as will a 40,000 
square foot multi-vendor ‘Food District’ food market. 
Further expansion is expected.

Added attractions, present and future:
• The centre hosts an annual charity gala called ‘One Night 

in La Dolce Vita’. 

• Across from the enclosed mall are locations for a 
Cineplex theatre as well as a Playdium Amusement 
Centre, with stand-alone restaurants nearby. Square 
One is considered to be part of the heart of downtown 
Mississauga, which includes various urban uses such as 
‘Celebration Square’, offices, residences, live theatre and a library. 

• Mississauga’s urban core is seeing major developments that 
include commercial and residential developments. 

Premium amenities: 
• Square One has two valet parking locations as well as at its  

Holt Renfrew store, as well as a ‘guest experience’ concierge. 

f. SQUARE ONE SHOPPING CENTRE, MISSISSAUGA 

Square One is the only 
shopping centre in North 
America to feature Walmart 
and a luxury department 
store (Holt Renfrew) in the 
same property. 

Square One Shopping Centre

Square One Shopping Centre

29 30© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 201829



g. CF Chinook Centre, Calgary

Mall Manager: Cadillac Fairview

Size (Gross Leasable Area): 1,329,186 sq ft

Annual Visitor Count: 15.8 million

Number of Stores: 209

Parking Spaces: 5,500

Highway/Transit Access:

Highway, major roadway, bus, and ‘C-Train light rail transit 

station connecting to the centre via a pedestrian bridge. 

Annual sales per square foot, for the 12 months 

weighted ending June 30, 2018 for reporting non-

anchor commercial retail units: $1,081

Anchors (over 50,000 sq ft):

Hudson’s Bay

Nordstrom

Saks Fifth Avenue

Cineplex (movie theatre) 

203,342 sq ft

140,000 sq ft

115,200 sq ft

90,000 sq ft

Top 10 Most Productive Shopping Centres6

Tenant and merchandise mix overview:
• CF Chinook Centre features a wide range of tenants, from fast fashion to 

luxury brands. More affordable retailers include H&M, Old Navy and Zara, 
as well as typical best-in-class retailers found in top shopping centres 
nationally. Sport Chek opened its first women’s-only store in 2017. The 
centre also features several luxury retailers such as Saks Fifth Avenue, 
Louis Vuitton, Tiffany & Co., Burberry and Harry Rosen. Highly productive 
retailers include Apple, Canada Goose and Tesla. 

3131CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



6

• Nordstrom opened its first store in Canada at CF Chinook Centre in 
September of 2014. It includes two restaurant concepts as well as a 
handful of luxury brands, some not available elsewhere in Calgary and 
not even in the mall’s Saks store. 

• Hudson’s Bay features more upscale brands than any other Bay store in 
Alberta, with women’s concessions such as Sandro and Maje. The store 
also houses a two-level TopShop/TopMan licensed store which helps 
drive traffic to the host retailer. 

• Saks Fifth Avenue, which opened in February of 2018, includes fashions 
for women and men as well as a beauty salon and a restaurant. The store 
carries luxury brand accessories and footwear, though it currently lacks 
premium ready-to-wear brands found in Saks’ two Toronto stores. 

Condition, updates and general appeal of centre:
• CF Chinook Centre features clean and bright interiors that are 

welcoming, with light tile flooring. In September of 2016 Cadillac 
Fairview unveiled a 180,000 square foot expansion wing with 60 
new retailers (where most of the shopping centre’s luxury retailers 
are currently located) and a popular pizza restaurant concept. The 
centre’s upgraded parking facility aims for convenience with a lighting system 
indicating vacant spots. 

Future renovation or expansion plans:
• The centre’s food court is undergoing a $17 million renovation. More luxury 

retailers are expected after securing Louis Vuitton which opened in October 
2018. Longer term plans include a south expansion that could incorporate 
mixed-uses and an indoor-outdoor retail configuration. 

Added attractions, present and future:
• CF Chinook Centre houses a bowling alley and 16-screen Scotiabank movie 

theatre, as well as an adjacent office building which creates foot traffic.

g. CF CHINOOK CENTRE, CALGARY

CF Chinook Centre 
houses a bowling alley 
and 16-screen Scotiabank 
movie theatre, as well as 
an adjacent office building 
which creates foot traffic. 

CF Chinook Centre

CF Chinook Centre

31 32© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 201831



h. CF Richmond Centre, Richmond BC

Mall Manager: Cadillac Fairview

Size (Gross Leasable Area): 796,000 sq ft

Annual Visitor Count: 17.5 million

Number of Stores: 159

Parking Spaces: 3,488

Highway/Transit Access:

Major roadway and rapid transit station for regional 

‘Skytrain’ line. 

Annual sales per square foot, for the 12 months 

weighted ending June 30, 2018 for reporting non-

anchor commercial retail units: $1,060

Anchors (over 50,000 sq ft):

Hudson’s Bay 162,000 sq ft

Top 10 Most Productive Shopping Centres6

Tenant and merchandise mix overview:
• CF Richmond Centre includes a mix of best-in-class retailers  

ranging from fast-fashion brands such as Zara, H&M and Forever 21  
to some upscale retailers such as Hugo Boss. Canada’s first stand-alone 
location for beauty brand Clinique opened in the spring of 2018 and 
Japanese retailers Uniqlo and Muji recently opened units in the  
shopping centre. 

3333CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



6

Condition, updates and general appeal of centre:
• The centre features pleasing interiors with large skylights and 

ample parking. The retail mix in the centre is one of the best in 
the Vancouver/Lower Mainland area with many popular brands 
represented such as Aldo, Apple, Aritzia, Coach, The Gap, Kate 
Spade and Lululemon.

Future renovation or expansion plans:
• Landlord Cadillac Fairview is planning a significant south-

end expansion to replace a former Sears store. Included 
will be new retail in an indoor-outdoor configuration as 
well as several multi-family residential buildings that will 
replace surface parking. 

Added attractions, present and future:
• The shopping centre’s food court was relocated in 

fall 2012 to a second-level space. Green park space 
will be added to rooftops as part of the proposed 
redevelopment plans, making CF Richmond Centre even 
more of a community hub with both retail and  
non-retail facilities. 

h. CF RICHMOND CENTRE, RICHMOND BC

Green park space will 
be added to rooftops 
as part the proposed 
redevelopment, making 
it more of a community 
hub with both retail and 
non-retail facilities.

CF Richmond Centre

CF Richmond Centre

33 34© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 201833



i. Metropolis at Metrotown, Burnaby BC 

Mall Manager: Ivanhoé Cambridge

Size (Gross Leasable Area): 1,795,326 sq ft 

Annual Visitor Count: 27.7 million

Number of Stores: 330

Parking Spaces: 8,334

Highway/Transit Access:

Major roadways, bus, rapid transit ‘Skytrain’ station access.

Annual sales per square foot, for the 12 months 

weighted ending June 30, 2018 for reporting non-

anchor commercial retail units: $1,040

Anchors (over 50,000 sq ft):

Hudson’s Bay

Real Canadian Superstore

Walmart

Winners

Silver City Cinemas

T&T Supermarket

Sport Chek 

132,465 sq ft

128,617 sq ft

116,700 sq ft

64,916 sq ft

60,000 sq ft

59,651 sq ft

48,423 sq ft

Top 10 Most Productive Shopping Centres6

Tenant and merchandise mix overview:
• Metropolis at Metrotown offers a wide range of affordable to mid-priced 

retailers, including many best-in-class retailers such as Apple, Aritzia, 
Browns Shoes, Coach, Indochino, Kiehl’s, Levis’s and others. The centre 
is known for attracting some first-to-British Columbia retailers including 
the Lower Mainland’s first locations for Japanese retailers Uniqlo 
and Muji, beauty brands Urban Decay and Deciem, as well as Uncle 

3535CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



6

Tetsu’s Japanese Cheesecake. Anchors such as Real Canadian Superstore, 
T&T Supermarket and Walmart help to pull in millions of regular shoppers. 

• The centre houses three on-site office buildings along Central Boulevard. 

• Similar to Square One in Mississauga, Metropolis at Metrotown forms the 
centre of an up-and-coming urban core that currently includes restaurants 
and other retail options, with considerable future development planned that 
will add employment as well as new residents. 

Condition, updates and general appeal of centre:
• Metropolis at Metrotown’s interiors are updated, clean and attractive. New 

retailers also continue to be added. In fall 2018, Walmart moved into the 
shopping centre’s former Target space. 

Future renovation or expansion plans:
• The shopping centre’s former Sears space, vacated in 

early 2018, is expected to see a redevelopment that will 
include new retail as well as residential towers. The area 
immediately surrounding Metropolis at Metrotown is being 
redeveloped with new offices, retail, as well as several 
proposed residential towers that would house thousands 
of new residents. 

Added attractions, present and future:
• The vast mix of retailers, including popular big-box 

retailers and grocers, help drive traffic to the centre. 
A major Cineplex movie theatre is also an amenity for 
visitors and brings people to the shopping centre. 

i. METROPOLIS AT METROTOWN, BURNABY BC 

Metropolis at 
Metrotown forms the 
centre of an up-and-
coming urban core that 
includes restaurants 
and other retail options.

Metropolis at Metrotown

Metropolis at Metrotown

35 36© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 201835



j. CF Rideau Centre, Ottawa

Mall Manager: Cadillac Fairview

Size (Gross Leasable Area): 1,005,685 sq ft

Annual Visitor Count: 24.6 million

Number of Stores: 155

Parking Spaces: 1,330

Highway/Transit Access:

Highway/Transit Access: Urban core roadways, bus, 

future light rail transit access.

Annual sales per square foot, for the 12 months 

weighted ending June 30, 2018 for reporting non-

anchor commercial retail units: $1,017

Anchors (over 50,000 sq ft):

Hudson’s Bay

Nordstrom

La Maison Simons

330,000 sq ft

157,000 sq ft

103,874 sq ft

Top 10 Most Productive Shopping Centres6

Tenant and merchandise mix overview:
• CF Rideau Centre features the Ottawa region’s most dynamic mix of 

retailers, which includes best-in-class retailers such as Aritzia, Bailey 
Nelson, Browns Shoes, and Club Monaco, as well as fast-fashion retailers 
such as H&M, Zara and Old Navy, and upscale retailers such as Harry 
Rosen, Tiffany & Co. and Ted Baker as well as others. New restaurants 
have been added as part of the expansion. An 8,000 square foot Farm 
Boy grocery store opened in December of 2017, and the first location 
outside of Toronto for luxury shoe retailer David’s Footwear opened in 
the fall of 2018 next to Harry Rosen. 

3737CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



6

• Nordstrom opened its second store in Canada at the centre in 
the spring of 2015, featuring a wide range of mid-to-upscale 
brands as well as two restaurants. La Maison Simons opened 
in the spring of 2016 and it houses a range of private-label and 
designer brands, as well as a small in-store restaurant. 

Condition, updates and general appeal of centre:
• CF Rideau Centre is updated with attractive interiors throughout. 

An expansion wing, which was finished in the summer of 2016, 
spans four levels with La Maison Simons occupying the top two 
levels. The rest of the centre includes bright and clean interiors, as 
well as pedway access to the adjacent Hudson’s Bay store which 
includes an off-price Saks OFF 5TH store on its basement level. 

Future renovation or expansion plans:
• The centre recently underwent an expansion and renovation at 

a cost of about $360 million, and new retailers are continuously 
being added. A transit station will be added in 2019 as part of the 
‘O-Train Confederation’ LRT line which is under construction. 

Added attractions, present and future:
• The CF Rideau Centre complex includes the adjacent Shaw 

Centre (formerly the Ottawa Convention Centre) as well as a 
fitness centre, rooftop park and adjacent 487-room Westin Hotel. 
An on-site movie theatre closed several years ago as part of the 
centre’s renovation/expansion. 

j. CF RIDEAU CENTRE, OTTAWA

CF Rideau Centre 
features the Ottawa 
region’s most dynamic 
mix of retailers.

CF Rideau Centre

CF Rideau Centre

CF Rideau Centre

CF Rideau Centre

37 38© Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved. CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 201837



Most of Canada’s top shopping centres saw productivity gains in 2018 when 
compared to 2017. This highlights the continued strength at the top end of the 
Canadian market. 

The most productive centres in Canada are investing. They are improving common 
areas, adding technologies, growing amenities and expanding with different types 
of retailers and experiences. These top malls are focused on providing newness and 
heightened experiences that consumers appear to crave (or otherwise risk losing out 
to more creative regional centres or online competitors). 

While overall foot traffic continues to decline in malls, more informed consumers are 
driving sales through higher rates of conversion.

Even though Canada’s top malls are continuing to perform well, Canada’s mid and 
lower-tier regional malls are facing challenges. There is now more than ever a greater 
spread between our top performing malls and 
the rest of the shopping centre community. 
But despite these challenges, on the whole, 
Canada’s shopping centres continue to perform 
well, especially when compared with shopping 
malls in the United States. On average, 
Canada’s shopping centres are seeing year-
over-year productivity gains while US centres’ 
productivity is continuing to decline.

Landlords in Canada are seeking out both 
new types of tenants (gyms, theatres, 
restaurants, direct-to-consumer brands) and 
new, international retailers. This ever-increasing 
competition is putting added pressure on 
homegrown companies and changing the 
composition of traditional Canadian shopping 
centres. The most successful malls are evolving 
with these trends by redesigning shopping centre layouts that accommodate various 
needs, including smaller, more adaptive spaces intended for selling increasingly 
specialized merchandise. 

A relentless commitment to innovation, improving experiences and removing friction 
will be key as Canadian consumer expectations of shopping malls increase. And 
Canada’s leading landlords are ahead of the game, planning and building more and 
more productive experiences per retail square foot.

Conclusion

6

The most productive centres 
in Canada are investing. 
They are improving 
common areas, adding 
technologies, growing 
amenities and expanding 
with different types of 
retailers and experiences.

3939CANADIAN SHOPPING CENTRE STUDY 2018 © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.



3939



TORONTO OFFICE
800-1881 Yonge Street
Toronto, ON M4S 3C4
Toll Free: (888) 373-8245

 
WESTERN OFFICE
890 West Pender Street, Suite 410 
Vancouver, BC V6C 1J9
Toll Free: (800) 663-5135

PRAIRIES OFFICE
201 Portage Avenue, 18th Floor
Winnipeg, MB R3B 3K6
Toll Free: (888) 254-1654

 
OTTAWA OFFICE
222 Queen Street, Suite 1404,
Ottawa, ON, K1P 5V9
Toll Free: (844) 656-7900

QUEBEC OFFICE
550 Sherbrooke Street West
Suite 1680, West Tower
Montreal, QC H3A 1B9
Toll Free: (877) 229-0922

ATLANTIC OFFICE
201-5121 Sackville Street
Halifax, NS B3J 1K1
Toll Free: (855) 422-4144

RetailCouncil.org © Retail Council of Canada 2018. All rights reserved.

REV. 1-JAN162019



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
->>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Results Neural Index:
RE: Yorkdale Log In I tested it with my work phone too and I don’t believe that it has signed into Yorkdale wifi previously.


Lisa P. Resnic
Marketing Manager

Oxford Properties Group
Yorkdale Shopping Centre
1 Yorkdale Road, Suite 500
Toronto, ON M6A 3A1
Canada
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Guest WiFi Splash Page for Square One Shopping Centre Hi Martinez,

The line spacing can be increased just a bit more.
It looks like we can be pretty agile with changes so let’s launch with this for now.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Guest WiFi Splash Page for Square One Shopping Centre Thanks Adam and Samantha. I've made the requested changes to the copy in
the link below. However, style and font changes will require system
enhancements and the involvement of our development team. I can check on
the feasibility of those and work on a timeline but I don't think it's
worth delaying the deployment beyond today for those changes. Let me know
your thoughts.

https://app.gtbcorp.com/o/portal/sw_1.jsp?isPreview=iKnowWhatIAmDoing&challenge=88888888&swid=7517409&confid=3921

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Updated Square One Dashboard Noted, thanks Martinez!

Catherine Llagas, Specialty Leasing Manager
Oxford Properties Group

SQUAREONE Shopping Centre
100 City Centre Drive, Mississauga, Ontario L5B 2C9
Phone: 905-272-6210
E-mail: cllagas@oxfordproperties.com<mailto:cllagas@oxfordproperties.com>
shopSQUAREONE.com
[Description: SQ1-Signature]

From: Martinez Nancy [mailto:martinez@gtbcorp.com]
Sent: Monday, July 30, 2018 2:46 PM
To: Catherine Llagas
Subject: Re: Updated Square One Dashboard

Hi Catherine,

Unfortunately, with the current layout, the centre of the food court cannot be isolated accurately. It would show visits, but we cannot say confidently in that area that there would not be substantial signal cross over from the spaces on either side.
SQ1 went live on the 1st of December, 2017.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Eco Cab @ SQ1 Hi Meredith and Jason,

I would just like to clarify before anything is shipped that the WiFi stick
is emitting a WiFi signal for tracking and not something that creates a
hotspot using the cell phone network.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fwd: Walmart at Square One and Scarborough Town Centre Hi Martinez,

My understanding was all the calibration was complete at SQ1.

Please see email below with regards to traffic numbers from Anchor report.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: FW: Sensors Offline at Square One Hi Christina,

The gtbcorps Flow metrics, such as visits counts and dwell time, are
calculated through devices pinging to the sensors as long as those sensors
are online (regardless of whether these devices are connected to the mall
WiFi)

The Connect platform data however is related to the availability of the
Mall WiFi.

Let me know if that makes sense
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Out of Office Re: SQ1 April Traffic 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Southcentre Wi-Fi Hi Martinez-

Southcentre has a unique challenge with their Wi-Fi – with the first letter being s and with so many retailers offering Wi-Fi its buried and hard to find – can we do anything to bump up where the southcentre wi-fi is on the list when the pop up shows up with the wi-fi options ? freesouthcentrewifi ? would the it help to bump up on the alphabet ?

Open to ideas and guidance on this.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Southcentre Wi-Fi  9215-161118-1 Good morning,

I was able to reach our local resource to return to install the gateway. We can have Leo back on site today, Saturday,  to install the replacement gateway if that works you or we can schedule it during the workweek. Either way would work, I just will need approval for the additional time for the install. Leo, our on-site tech will be able to retrieve the gateway from the server room and after install ship the malfunctioning gateway back to HP.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DNS Issue Affecting Social WiFi Hi Derek,

Our DNS provider was experiencing an issue this morning that has since been
resolved but it looks like some of the Social WiFi accounts for Oxford
Properties are having some issues still.

Kingsway, STC, and Southcentre appear to be the only affected malls. Our
understanding of the problem is that the DNS cache for each of those sites
has probably not updated since the issue was resolved. Would it be possible
for you to flush the DNS cache at each affected site?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fwd: Ticket #2594246: Square One Shopping Centre: RE: Square One Shopping Centre Low WiFi Logins Are you guys still having any issues with low wifi logins.

Jason Nazareth RPA FMA
Manager, Energy & Technical Services
Oxford Properties Group
Square One Shopping Centre
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Ticket #2594246: Square One Shopping Centre: RE: Square One Shopping Centre Low WiFi Logins Hi Jenn.   Unfortunately I can’t help you with this request.
Jason is back in office next week and he can respond to your question.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: WIFI problems Thanks Michel! Happy New Year.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Square One Guest WiFi Discussion Hi Harry,

Any chance you have a half hour free for a call on Thursday between 2PM and
4PM?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Social WiFi Launch at LPG and Kingsway This was completed this morning at 8am Eastern Time. No reported issues since turn up. Derek will be in shortly however, this should be working as intended. In the meantime, if you had any direct complaints, I can surely take ownership in the meantime and work toward a prompt resolve.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Square One Traffic Ok, let us review against the A1 counts and get back to you with a
recommendation.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Southcentre Wi-Fi  9215-161118-1 Thank you Gerry.  I will confirm this with the technician now for tomorrow morning.  Since the technician has aljanety been to the site for this gateway, tomorrow's visit will not be billed at another 3 hour minimum dispatch, but for an hourly rate of $125/hour, biljaime for only the actual hours it takes to configure and install this replacement gateway.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FW: wifi close outs Good morning-

Great meeting Friday.

Attached are the wifi close outs for your review. As builts to follow.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
East Expansion Wireless Deployment 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Social Wifi Hi Martinez

Just tried to log in and it doesn’t appear to be working – we are getting the same error message as we did yesterday
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Social Wifi Thanks, I am not aware of any issues, is it still an issue?

Bob Vounotripidis
Operations Manager
Yorkale Shopping Centre
Oxford Properties Group
1 Yorkdale Road, Suite 500, Toronto, ON M6A 3A1
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
you'll have to select Square One from the list at the top
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Social WiFi Setup at the Malls Definitely to stay with Single Digits
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Guest WiFi Splash Page for Square One Shopping Centre Hi Adam,

This graphic works well. Here is a preview:
https://splash.gtbcorp.com/o/portal/sw_1.jsp?swid=7517409&isPreview=iKnowWhatIAmDoing&challenge=88888888

If the site team approves we can ask Single Digits to make the page live.
Let me know!

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Issue with Social WiFi at Yorkdale Not remotely, unfortunately. The issue is on site at Yorkdale.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: FW: WiFi Landing Page Ok… one more time as the mobile looks great but I didn’t check the portal version. My apologies!


Sanchia Saha, Digital Marketing Specialist
Scarborough Town Centre

Oxford Properties Group
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Guest WiFi Splash Page for Square One Shopping Centre Hi Martinez,

In addition to Adam’s comments below, would it be possible to capitalize the P in Properties at the bottom of the screen?

Thanks in advance!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Southcentre Wi-Fi  9215-161118-1 FYI,
The HP equipment has arrived and will be left in our server room.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Southcentre Wi-Fi Hi Belinda-

Trying to get a gauge on timing so by the details you have provided at worst Friday ? How quickly can it be installed once received ? Do you have someone that will be able to between Wednesday and Friday depending on when received ?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sensor Offline at Kingsway - ac867473c390 Incident #4602  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Wifi Les Promenades Gatineau Hi Sabrina,

I'm sorry to hear you're experiencing issues. I do not think it is
widespjanet as we are seeing a normal amount of logins from your site.

Are users receiving an error message of any kind?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: FW: Square One Shopping Centre Wifi Hi Rosie

We'll look into this and get back to you with an update as soon as we can.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Social WiFi Issue at Scarborough Town Centre Hi again Derek,

We are also seeing very low user numbers at Kingsway.

Martinez
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Ticket #2972965: Square One Shopping Centre: Public WIFI outage at Square One Thanks Jason. I'll ask someone to look into it.

Just to confirm, the issue stopped after Sunday?

If it is reported again, please let me know.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Walmart at Square One and Scarborough Town Centre We will perform the review tomorrow and provide a fix that can be
implemented before the end of the week so that you can present appropriate
data to your investors and senior people.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Square One - gtbcorps - Sensors Offline - INC000000074428 Hi Wing,

Unfortunately, that's 